  * [About](https://fishduck.com/about/ "About")
  * [Commenting Rules](https://fishduck.com/2014/10/civility-is-required-at-fishduck-com/ "Commenting Rules")
  * [Volunteer](https://fishduck.com/join-fishduck-com-main-page/ "Volunteer")
  * [Contact](https://fishduck.com/contact-fishduck/ "Contact")

 __

[![FishDuck](https://fishduck.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/FishDuck-
Community-Logo.png)](https://fishduck.com)

  * [Home](https://fishduck.com "Home")
  * [Analysis Library](https://fishduck.com/the-oregon-football-repository-by-fishduck-com/the-oregon-football-analysis-library-by-fishduck-com/ "Analysis Library")
  * [Football Repository](https://fishduck.com/2017/10/building-an-oregon-football-repository-at-fishduck-com/ "Football Repository")

[Click Here To Enter The FishDuck Forum](https://forum.fishduck.com)

![](https://fishduck.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Josh-Conerly-Jr._Twitter-
of-Joshua-Conerly-Sr..jpg)

# Trojan Tantrums to Conerly Decision Announce Dan Lanning on the Recruiting
Stage

__Charles Fischer, Mr. FishDuck __April 9, 2022[
__Editorials](https://fishduck.com/category/editorials/ "View all posts in:
“Editorials”")

![](https://fishduck.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Josh-Conerly-Jr._Twitter-
of-Joshua-Conerly-Sr.-800x420.jpg)

A dilemma for many of us diehard fans of _**Our Beloved Ducks**_ , is that
progressing further into _**“Greybeard-age**_ ” does not always mean we become
more noble human beings…especially when it comes to victories over the Trojans
of USC. Due to our experiences in dealing with SC fans so much longer than
most, we have developed reactions over the years that are _less_ than
honorable, and yet we do not feel the least bit guilty about it.

I was checking out the level of safety and security of my favorite gambling
sites being reviewed on
[_**https://esportsbetting.com/**_](https://esportsbetting.com/) when the
**Josh Conerly** **Jr.** announcement surprised me, and yet made me laugh in
advance of _actually seeing_ how the fans of USC would react. They did not
disappoint, and while this site and our sister site, [_**the OBD
Forum**_](https://forum.fishduck.com/) love to discuss Oregon football, Trojan
tantrums provide _**superb entertainment**_ on an off-season Saturday.

#### _**Shock and Awed:**_

_“There is **no way** he chose Oregon without the NIL deal of the century. If
MC was still head coach I would totally get it but this makes **no** sense.”_

_“A position of need is what makes this **a tough one**.”_

_“He would have been a major difference maker for us. **Huge loss**. No way
around it.”_

_“We’re still recruiting the offensive line like we’re a mid-major program.
**This is embarrassing**.”_

![](https://fishduck.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Kayvon-Thibodeaux-v-
USC-2020-UO-Athletics.jpg)

University of Oregon Athletics

This WAS a huge position of need for USC…

#### Trojan Fans Turning on Their Coaches?

_“You ask who cares? This was a massive need and we just lost him to the team
who presents the biggest competition to us. Lincoln got complacent and got
schooled by a program with superior recruiters. Seriously, who the heck
chooses Eugene over USC when the opportunity to start day one was staring him
in the face?”_

_“The sky isn’t falling but trying to down-play this after the level of hubris
I’ve seen on this Trojan board is hilarious. We got our a**es handed to us at
a position of need. I trust our coach but he just got his tail whipped.”_

_“How do you let a guy like that out of your grasp at inarguably the biggest
hole on the roster? We KNEW Oregon was pulling out the stops last weekend and
clearly didn’t do enough to fix it. That’s on us; no excuses.”_

_“Oregon has beat us for every offensive line target we have gone head to head
for in recent years.”  
_

> It’s been seven years since USC last signed a five-star offensive lineman
> <https://t.co/huajOprlvW>
>
> — Ryan Kartje (@Ryan_Kartje) [April 9,
> 2022](https://twitter.com/Ryan_Kartje/status/1512600787607699460?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw)

#### _**New-Found Respect for Oregon Coaches:**_

_“The track record of Oregon coaches Adrian Klemm and Tosh Lupoi to get 5-star
recruits would indicate these kinds of wins are going to be more common than
we hope. Coach Riley needs to respond and just do better, as this is not
acceptable.”_

_“Give Lanning credit. He went for the ace recruiters and it’s already paying
off. This is a massive, massive loss by Riley and the guy should’ve
prioritized recruiting chops, rather than let the biggest competition in the
Pac-12 get these guys.”_

_“This was something I worried about from the beginning. Klemm is obviously a
great recruiter and has put several guys in the league and just came from the
league but I always worried about the connection he had with JC on a personal
level.”_

#### _**Who is Number One in the Pac-12?**_

_“We (USC) will have the number one recruiting class this cycle, and Oregon
will be 6-6 in 2022.”_

There is considerable confusion about this, and I refer to the standings at
_**Rivals.com**_ , and I explain why [_**here**_](https://fishduck.com/why-i-
use-rivals-com-over-247-for-recruiting-comparisons/) , as they are the only
site to offer accurate historical reference. You can see[ _ **right
here**_](https://n.rivals.com/team_rankings/2022/all-teams/football) , that
Stanford is the leader for the 2022 recruiting class in the conference coming
in at **No. 24** , while Oregon is **No. 33** and USC is **No. 59**. As for
2023? USC has a big lead, but it is a _long_ _time_ before the December and
February signing dates.

![](https://fishduck.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Adrian-Klemm_Oregon-
Football-Twitter.jpg)

Oregon Football Twitter

Adrian Klemm just rocked the Pac-12 world…

#### _**My Favorite Quote?**_

_“I mean, how do you come in saying you’re going to demand excellence and lose
a guy like Conerly to Oregon? When you have a massive need with immediate
playing time at left tackle???? It’s unfathomable. **This is equivalent to
having a 10 point lead with 60 seconds left and losing the game**.”_

My _**FishDuck Friends**_ , their astonishment matches that of Oregon
fans–only in opposite directions. However the reactions of both Trojans and
Ducks indicates that fans of _**all**_ schools in the Pac-12 have yet to
realize the full impact of the hiring of **Dan Lanning** at Oregon. It is
another example of…

_“Oh, how we love to ponder about **Our Beloved Ducks**!”_

**Charles Fischer** _(Mr. FishDuck)_  
Eugene, Oregon  
_Top Photo from Twitter of **Joshua Conerly Sr.**_

### Related Articles:

[Oregon Head Coaches: If You Leave, Your New Team Will Fire
You](https://fishduck.com/2022/10/ducks-head-coaches-if-you-leave-oregon-your-
new-team-will-fire-you/)[Duck Cubes: Stanford, Hurricane Cristobal, Oregon's
No-Sack Club?](https://fishduck.com/2022/10/duck-cubes-stanford-hurricane-
cristobal-oregons-no-sack-club/)[Oregon's Red Zone Woes Are on
Dillingham](https://fishduck.com/2022/09/oregons-red-zone-woes-are-on-
dillingham/)[Bo Nix Gives Oregon's Offense New
Life](https://fishduck.com/2022/09/bo-nix-gives-oregons-offense-new-
life/)[There Is More than One Way to Coug
It](https://fishduck.com/2022/09/there-is-more-than-one-way-to-coug-
it/)[Lanning Takes Ducks From Top-25 Beatdowns to
Blowouts](https://fishduck.com/2022/09/lanning-takes-ducks-from-
top-25-beatdowns-to-blowouts/)

![](https://fishduck.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/Black-shirt-Fischer.jpg)

[Charles Fischer, Mr. FishDuck](https://fishduck.com/author/fishduck/)

Charles Fischer has been an intense fan of the Ducks, a season ticket holder
at Autzen Stadium for 35 years and has written reports on football boards for
over 23 years. Known as “ ** _FishDuck_** ” on those boards, he is
acknowledged for providing intense detail in his scrimmage reports and in his
Xs and Os play analyses. He and his wife Lois, have a daughter Christine,
reside in Eugene Oregon, where he was a Financial Advisor for 36 years and now
focuses full-time on Charitable Planned Giving Workshops for churches and non-
profit organizations.

He does not profess to be a coach or analyst, but simply a “hack” that enjoys
sharing what he has learned and invites others to correct or add to this body
of Oregon Football! **[See More…](http://fishduck.com/fishduck)**

#### New! Oregon Sports News and Articles Curated Every Day for All Duck Fans!

Want to read all the **Oregon Sports Articles** in _**one**_ place? Check out
our new [_**FishDuck Feed**_](https://forum.fishduck.com/) for **Oregon Sports
News and Articles** aggregated _every day_ for Duck fans and it is _
**free**_. Over _**5** **0**_ articles curated in one day recently!

The **[_Our Beloved Ducks_](https://forum.fishduck.com/) Forum** _(OBD)_ is
where we we discuss the article above and many more topics, as it is so much
easier in a message board format over there. At _**the free OBD forum**_ we
will be posting **Oregon Sports article links** , the daily **Press Releases**
from the Athletic Department and _**the news**_ coming out every day.

Be a part of the forum and stay caught up! When you wish to post there, do
know that you are protected just as you were on _**FishDuck**_. Join us on the
free forum [_**right here!**_](https://forum.fishduck.com/)

[**_Our 33 rules_** ](https://fishduck.com/posting-rules/)at the free _**OBD
Forum**_ can be summarized to this: 1) **be polite and respectful** , 2)
**keep it clean** , and 3) **no reference of _any_ kind to politics.** _Easy-
peasy!_

_**OBD Forum**_ members….we got your back. _**No Trolls Allowed!**_

[Oregon Recruiting](https://fishduck.com/tag/oregon-recruiting/)

[![Fish Duck](https://fishduck.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/FishDuck-
Community-Logo.png)](https://fishduck.com)

[__](https://www.facebook.com/FishDuckOnline/)[__](https://twitter.com/fishduckdotcom)[__](https://www.youtube.com/user/FishDuck83)

  * [About __](https://fishduck.com/about/ "About")
  * [Our Beloved Ducks Forum __](https://forum.fishduck.com/)
  * [Posting Rules __](https://fishduck.com/commenting-rules/ "Commenting Rules")
  * [Volunteer __](https://fishduck.com/join-fishduck-com-main-page/ "Volunteer")
  * [Contact __](https://fishduck.com/contact-fishduck/)

Search SubmitClear

![Image](https://fishduck.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/FishDuck_Logo.png)

 __ __ __

  * [About __](https://fishduck.com/about/ "About")
  * [Our Beloved Ducks Forum __](https://forum.fishduck.com/)
  * [Posting Rules __](https://fishduck.com/commenting-rules/ "Commenting Rules")
  * [Volunteer __](https://fishduck.com/join-fishduck-com-main-page/ "Volunteer")
  * [Contact __](https://fishduck.com/contact-fishduck/)

Search SubmitClear

SearchSubmitClear

  * [About __](https://fishduck.com/about/ "About")
  * [Commenting Rules __](https://fishduck.com/2014/10/civility-is-required-at-fishduck-com/ "Commenting Rules")
  * [Volunteer __](https://fishduck.com/join-fishduck-com-main-page/ "Volunteer")
  * [Contact __](https://fishduck.com/contact-fishduck/ "Contact")

  * [Home __](https://fishduck.com/)
  * [Our Beloved Duck forum __](https://forum.fishduck.com/)
    * [Posting Rules __](https://fishduck.com/posting-rules/)
  * [Volunteer __](https://fishduck.com/join-fishduck-com-main-page/)
  * [Contact __](https://fishduck.com/contact-fishduck/)
  * [About __](https://fishduck.com/what-is-fishduck-com/)
    * [What is FishDuck? __](https://fishduck.com/what-is-fishduck-com/)
    * [Terms of Service __](https://fishduck.com/terms-of-service/)
    * [Privacy Policy __](https://fishduck.com/privacy-policy/)
  * [Analysis Library __](https://fishduck.com/the-oregon-football-repository-by-fishduck-com/the-oregon-football-analysis-library-by-fishduck-com/)
  * [Football Repository __](https://fishduck.com/2017/10/building-an-oregon-football-repository-at-fishduck-com/)
  * [Top Photo Credit __](https://fishduck.com/join-fishduck-com-main-page/student-internship-opportunities-at-fishduck-com/sports-reporter-internship/)

__

![Quantcast](//pixel.quantserve.com/pixel/p-31iz6hfFutd16.gif?labels=Domain.fishduck_com,DomainId.366890)

