Skip to main content

Open Navigation Menu

Menu

Story Saved

To revisit this article, visit My Profile, then [View saved
stories](/account/saved).

Close Alert

Close

[![Glamour logo](/verso/static/glamour/assets/logo-
header.aeb2e510354d524c42a87c5d0a97d0a73c5d7581.svg)](/)

The Most Popular Haircut on Pinterest Right Now Is the Textured Lob

  * [Style](/fashion)
  * [Beauty](/lipstick)
  * [Entertainment](/entertainment)
  * [Wellness](/health-fitness)
  * [Culture](/inspired)
  * [Video](https://glamour.com/video)
  * [Women of the Year](https://www.glamour.com/story/glamour-women-of-the-year-2021-latest)

More _Chevron_

Story Saved

To revisit this article, select My Account, then [View saved
stories](/account/saved)

Close Alert

Close

[Sign In](/account/sign-
in?redirectURL=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.glamour.com%2Fstory%2Fmost-popular-lob-
haircut-inspiration)

  * [Newsletter](/newsletter/subscribe)

[SearchSearch](/search)

  * [Style](/fashion)
  * [Beauty](/lipstick)
  * [Entertainment](/entertainment)
  * [Wellness](/health-fitness)
  * [Culture](/inspired)
  * [Video](https://glamour.com/video)
  * [Women of the Year](https://www.glamour.com/story/glamour-women-of-the-year-2021-latest)

  * [Rewards](https://www.glamourrewards.com/)
  * [Coupons](https://www.glamour.com/coupons/)
  * [▪ Nordstrom Coupons](https://www.glamour.com/coupons/nordstrom)
  * [▪ Ulta Coupons](https://www.glamour.com/coupons/ulta)
  * [▪ Sephora Promo Codes](https://www.glamour.com/coupons/sephora)
  * [▪ ASOS Promo Codes](https://www.glamour.com/coupons/asos)
  * [▪ Shopbop Promo Codes](https://www.glamour.com/coupons/Shopbop)
  * [▪ Saks Fifth Avenue Coupons](https://www.glamour.com/coupons/saks-fifth-avenue)
  * [▪ Free People Promo Codes](https://www.glamour.com/coupons/free-people)
  * [▪ Nike Promo Codes](https://www.glamour.com/coupons/nike)

[Hair](/beauty/hair)

# The Most Popular Haircut on Pinterest Right Now Is the Textured Lob

The people have spoken.

By [Rachel Nussbaum](/contributor/rachel-nussbaum)

August 4, 2017

  * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/dialog/feed?&display=popup&caption=This%20Is%20the%20%231%20Most%20Popular%20Haircut%20on%20Pinterest%20Right%20Now&app_id=101358874221&link=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.glamour.com%2Fstory%2Fmost-popular-lob-haircut-inspiration%3Futm_source%3Dfacebook%26utm_medium%3Dsocial%26utm_campaign%3Donsite-share%26utm_brand%3Dglamour%26utm_social-type%3Dearned)
  * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.glamour.com%2Fstory%2Fmost-popular-lob-haircut-inspiration%3Futm_source%3Dtwitter%26utm_medium%3Dsocial%26utm_campaign%3Donsite-share%26utm_brand%3Dglamour%26utm_social-type%3Dearned&text=This%20Is%20the%20%231%20Most%20Popular%20Haircut%20on%20Pinterest%20Right%20Now&via=glamourmag)
  * [Email](mailto:?subject=This%20Is%20the%20%231%20Most%20Popular%20Haircut%20on%20Pinterest%20Right%20Now&body=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.glamour.com%2Fstory%2Fmost-popular-lob-haircut-inspiration%3Futm_source%3Donsite-share%26utm_medium%3Demail%26utm_campaign%3Donsite-share%26utm_brand%3Dglamour)

![Image may contain Face Human Person Female Photo Photography Portrait and
Woman](https://media.glamour.com/photos/5983b4f5b8816b08758ff8cb/master/w_2560%2Cc_limit/pinterest-
haircut-lede.jpg)

Next Models

  * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/dialog/feed?&display=popup&caption=This%20Is%20the%20%231%20Most%20Popular%20Haircut%20on%20Pinterest%20Right%20Now&app_id=101358874221&link=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.glamour.com%2Fstory%2Fmost-popular-lob-haircut-inspiration%3Futm_source%3Dfacebook%26utm_medium%3Dsocial%26utm_campaign%3Donsite-share%26utm_brand%3Dglamour%26utm_social-type%3Dearned)
  * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.glamour.com%2Fstory%2Fmost-popular-lob-haircut-inspiration%3Futm_source%3Dtwitter%26utm_medium%3Dsocial%26utm_campaign%3Donsite-share%26utm_brand%3Dglamour%26utm_social-type%3Dearned&text=This%20Is%20the%20%231%20Most%20Popular%20Haircut%20on%20Pinterest%20Right%20Now&via=glamourmag)
  * [Email](mailto:?subject=This%20Is%20the%20%231%20Most%20Popular%20Haircut%20on%20Pinterest%20Right%20Now&body=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.glamour.com%2Fstory%2Fmost-popular-lob-haircut-inspiration%3Futm_source%3Donsite-share%26utm_medium%3Demail%26utm_campaign%3Donsite-share%26utm_brand%3Dglamour)

It's hard to beat Pinterest for popular haircut inspiration. And while
scrolling through inspo photos rarely translates to the exact style [on your
head](https://www.glamour.com/gallery/best-summer-haircuts-for-every-length-
and-texture), it never hurts to look (even if that just turns into a mountain
of photos to bring in to your next haircut). The only question is, which to
narrow down as your first pick—and for anyone who's ever struggled with that
Q, we've got good news. In a _very_ helpful move, Pinterest just revealed the
number one most popular haircut on the platform right now. Listen closely:
That's the sound of a million inspo boards updating.

With over 80,000 pins, the tousled lob is the coolest way to go short—and
despite the name, it's actually a new, super-interesting-looking technique.
Per Kerastase celebrity hairstylist [Matt
Fugate](https://www.instagram.com/mattshair/?hl=en), you just ask for a
"shattered" lob, with layers not cut in a straight line but chipped into with
a razor. It's more layered and deconstructed than the one on [every
celebrity](https://www.glamour.com/story/selena-gomez-swooped-bangs), like [a
shag](https://www.glamour.com/story/bella-hadid-bob-haircut) without the
facial framing.

#### Pinterest content

This content can also be viewed on the site it
[originates](https://www.pinterest.com/pin/345229127669103527/) from.

"The cut is super layered, but don’t say _layered,_ " he says. That might set
your hairstylist down the wrong path, with all the layers falling in the same
place (not what you want). Instead, ask for lots of texture with light, airy,
razor-cut ends. And if you want to recreate this exact photo—no shade, it's
glorious—Fugate says to save your highlights for after the cut. Otherwise your
stylist will end up cutting a ton out, which is a horrible thought (bye,
money). For the 'lights themselves, have your colorist lift the "shattered"
pieces and paint on the ends.

The only downside is that this cut really shines on straight and wavy hair but
doesn't work quite as well on curls and kinks. You can do it if you want (do
anything, if you want!), but Fugate warns that it'll take serious maintenance
to stay with the pin's look. And if you're not about the heat styling, the
shattered tactic will leave curly ends tattered, [with frizz
aplenty](https://www.glamour.com/story/frizzy-hair-is-beautiful). Otherwise,
get thee—with this photo—to the salon.

 **Related Stories:**  
-[Frederic Fekkai Just Released a New Hair Line, and We're Hoarding All of It](https://www.glamour.com/story/frederic-fekkai-the-one)  
-[This Is the Secret to Making Dark Roots Look Intentional](https://www.glamour.com/story/how-to-pull-off-dark-roots)  
-[The Best Instagram Accounts for Curly Haircut Inspiration](https://www.glamour.com/gallery/curly-haircut-inspiration-instagram)

Topics[haircuts](/about/haircuts)[haircut ideas](/about/haircut-ideas)[haircut
inspiration](/about/haircut-inspiration)

### Glamour Beauty

Makeup ideas, product reviews, and the latest celebrity trends—delivered
straight to your inbox.

Sign Up

Read More

[![How the Perfect Haircut Can Help You Tackle Your
Goals](https://dwgyu36up6iuz.cloudfront.net/heru80fdn/image/upload/c_fill%2Cd_placeholder_thescene.jpg%2Cfl_progressive%2Cg_center%2Ch_350%2Cq_80%2Cw_350/v1417626054/glamour_bad-
hair-day-how-the-perfect-haircut-can-help-you-take-on-your-
dreams.jpg)iconPlay](https://www.glamour.com/video/watch/bad-hair-day-how-the-
perfect-haircut-can-help-you-tackle-your-goals)

[Bad Hair Day](/video/series/bad-hair-day)

[

### How the Perfect Haircut Can Help You Tackle Your Goals

](https://www.glamour.com/video/watch/bad-hair-day-how-the-perfect-haircut-
can-help-you-tackle-your-goals)

This week _Glamour_ turns the camera on one of our own as hairstyle guru
Theodore Leaf takes production assistant Kelsey’s hair from drab to fabulous!
See how a bold new cut and chic highlights reinvent Kelsey’s look and give
here the confidence to go after her dreams.

[![how to get rid of frizzy hair - tips from women who know
how](https://media.glamour.com/photos/5f7731fb1966a6167c56cd31/1:1/w_350%2Ch_350%2Cc_limit/undefined)](https://www.glamour.com/story/how-
to-get-rid-of-frizzy-hair-tips#intcid=_glamour-bottom-
recirc_567ba58f-3cce-441e-a8b8-0a29de640029_text2vec1)

beauty

[

### 17 Tricks to Tame Frizzy Hair

](https://www.glamour.com/story/how-to-get-rid-of-frizzy-hair-
tips#intcid=_glamour-bottom-
recirc_567ba58f-3cce-441e-a8b8-0a29de640029_text2vec1)

Frizz? I don't know her.

By Bella Cacciatore

[![bleached eyebrows dyed brows kendall jenner
lizzo](https://media.glamour.com/photos/631f662798eebc3f231ce7ac/1:1/w_350%2Ch_350%2Cc_limit/undefined)](https://www.glamour.com/story/bleached-
eyebrows-how-to-maintenance#intcid=_glamour-bottom-
recirc_567ba58f-3cce-441e-a8b8-0a29de640029_text2vec1)

beauty

[

### The Bleached-Eyebrows Renaissance Is Upon Us

](https://www.glamour.com/story/bleached-eyebrows-how-to-
maintenance#intcid=_glamour-bottom-
recirc_567ba58f-3cce-441e-a8b8-0a29de640029_text2vec1)

Here's how to get and maintain the polarizing trend.

By Danielle Sinay

[![Zendaya, Sophie Turne with fall hair colors like dark
red](https://media.glamour.com/photos/632b54021e060ccc0f5ed98d/1:1/w_350%2Ch_350%2Cc_limit/undefined)](https://www.glamour.com/story/amarena-
cherry-fall-hair-color-trend#intcid=_glamour-bottom-
recirc_567ba58f-3cce-441e-a8b8-0a29de640029_text2vec1)

hair

[

### Amarena Cherry Is Fall’s Most Delicious Hair Color

](https://www.glamour.com/story/amarena-cherry-fall-hair-color-
trend#intcid=_glamour-bottom-
recirc_567ba58f-3cce-441e-a8b8-0a29de640029_text2vec1)

It looks as yummy as it sounds.

By Monique Wilson

[![Glamour logo](/verso/static/glamour/assets/logo-
reverse.b2ce20427c8d415381a18834c479e653848cc926.svg)](/)

Authentic, Accessible, Relevant

  * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/glamour)
  * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/glamourmag/)
  * [Instagram](https://instagram.com/glamourmag/)
  * [Pinterest](https://www.pinterest.com/glamourmag/)
  * [Tiktok](https://www.tiktok.com/@glamourmag?lang=en)

More from Glamour

  * [About Glamour](http://www.condenast.com/brands/glamour/)
  * [Newsletter Signup](/newsletter/subscribe)
  * [Masthead](/masthead)
  * [Glamour Media Kit](http://www.condenast.com/brands/glamour/)
  * [Coupons](/coupons/top-coupons)

See More Stories

  * [Fashion](/fashion)
  * [Beauty](/lipstick)
  * [Wellness](/health-fitness)
  * [News & Culture](/inspired)
  * [Sex & Relationships](/sex-love-life/relationships)

  * [Site Map](/services/sitemap)
  * [RSS Feeds](/feed/rss)
  * [Accessibility Help](/story/accessibility-help)
  * [Condé Nast Store](https://www.condenaststore.com/)
  * [Contact Glamour](/contact-us)
  * [Condé Nast Spotlight](https://www.cnspotlight.com/ )
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Info

© 2022 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes
acceptance of our [User Agreement](https://www.condenast.com/user-agreement/)
and [Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement](http://www.condenast.com/privacy-
policy#privacypolicy) and [Your California Privacy
Rights.](http://www.condenast.com/privacy-policy#privacypolicy-california)
_Glamour_ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through
our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on
this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise
used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. [Ad
Choices](http://www.condenast.com/privacy-policy#privacypolicy-optout)

