Skip to content

[ ![It's Simple by HowToThisandThat](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/01/cropped-new-logo-header-size.png)
](https://howtothisandthat.com/ "It's Simple by HowToThisandThat")

[ ![It's Simple by HowToThisandThat](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/01/cropped-new-logo-header-size.png)
](https://howtothisandthat.com/ "It's Simple by HowToThisandThat")

Menu

  * [Keto Recipes Index](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/low-carb-recipes/)
    * [Keto Breakfast](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/ketobreakfastrecipes/)
    * [Keto Lunch & Snacks](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/ketosnackslunch/)
    * [Keto Dinners](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/ketodinnerrecipes/)
    * [Keto Side Dishes](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/ketosidedishes/)
    * [Keto Desserts](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/ketodessertrecipes/)
    * [Free Keto Resources](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/howtostartaketodiet/)
  * [Family Recipes](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/)
    * [Appetizers](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/appetizer-recipes/)
    * [Breakfast](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/breakfast-recipes/)
    * [Desserts](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/desserts-recipes/)
    * [Holiday](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/holiday-recipes/)
    * [Quick Meals](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/quick-meals/)
    * [Side Dishes](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/side-dish-recipes/)
    * [Recipe RoundUps](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipe-roundups/)
  * [Fun Stuff](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/crafts/)
  * [About](https://howtothisandthat.com/about-me/)
  * [Collaborate](https://howtothisandthat.com/work-with-us-its-simple-by-howtothisandthat/)
    * [Brand Partnerships](https://howtothisandthat.com/brand-partnerships-and-collaborations/)
    * [Virtual Assistant Services](https://howtothisandthat.com/virtual-assistant-services/)
    * [Contact](https://howtothisandthat.com/contact-us/)

Menu

  * [Keto Recipes Index](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/low-carb-recipes/)
    * [Keto Breakfast](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/ketobreakfastrecipes/)
    * [Keto Lunch & Snacks](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/ketosnackslunch/)
    * [Keto Dinners](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/ketodinnerrecipes/)
    * [Keto Side Dishes](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/ketosidedishes/)
    * [Keto Desserts](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/ketodessertrecipes/)
    * [Free Keto Resources](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/howtostartaketodiet/)
  * [Family Recipes](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/)
    * [Appetizers](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/appetizer-recipes/)
    * [Breakfast](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/breakfast-recipes/)
    * [Desserts](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/desserts-recipes/)
    * [Holiday](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/holiday-recipes/)
    * [Quick Meals](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/quick-meals/)
    * [Side Dishes](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/side-dish-recipes/)
    * [Recipe RoundUps](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipe-roundups/)
  * [Fun Stuff](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/crafts/)
  * [About](https://howtothisandthat.com/about-me/)
  * [Collaborate](https://howtothisandthat.com/work-with-us-its-simple-by-howtothisandthat/)
    * [Brand Partnerships](https://howtothisandthat.com/brand-partnerships-and-collaborations/)
    * [Virtual Assistant Services](https://howtothisandthat.com/virtual-assistant-services/)
    * [Contact](https://howtothisandthat.com/contact-us/)

# SkinnyPop Popcorn Review + Sugar Free Caramel Popcorn Recipe

September 11, 2022March 24, 2016 by
[Melissa](https://howtothisandthat.com/about "View all posts by Melissa")

**SkinnyPop popcorn has been dominating** the industry with their Healthy
POPCORN at ONLY **39 CALORIES** PER CUP! We tried Skinny Pop Popcorn for this
review and have never been more satisfied. Skinny popcorn **Ingredients** :
All natural popped **Corn. Sunflower oil. Salt.** That is ALL ! In addition to
already popped popcorn, SkinnyPop even makes **microwave popcorn** bags. A
whole bag is apparently under 150 calories. Woah. Munchies game changer.

![](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/skinny-pop-
popcorn.jpeg)

# Skinny Pop Popcorn Review

I received a case of **Skinny Pop Popcorn** free for the purpose of this
review, regardless my opinions are always true and I write about my own, or my
family's personal experience with the product.

I love my munchy foods , popcorn especially. My husband and I go to the movies
once a week and it never fails, regardless of what I have had to eat prior, I
can not resist popcorn. I usually make sure to order only a small and share it
so that I do not end up having too much.

### My Waist Yells At Me

That popcorn is LOADED with [butter](https://howtothisandthat.com/skinny-pop-
popcorn-low-calorie-weight-watchers-friendly/) and salt and well, that is just
not suppose to be a part of my diet. I always have to laugh when they ask you
"Do you want butter on that?" , after all it is already loaded with butter
right? Such a hard decision... not really. Yes, butter please is what my mind
says, my waist is like "no you didn't girl."

## SkinnyPop Low Calorie Already Popped Popcorn

The other problem I find with eating popcorn is that, it is light, airy and
addicting. I can eat it for hours. In the end I am sick of popcorn, but not
full as if I ate a meal. Then I end up wanting food to actually fill me up.
The next thing I know I may have consumed 1,000 calories in 2 hours. Horrible.
This is not ok.

I can't afford to have my waist yelling at me over food binges and crazed
snack attacks. Skippy pop popcorn is truly the perfect way to indulge, guilt
free, as they say. 4 Cups of popcorn seems like a lot until you realize it is
only 39 calories a cup.

[![Skinny Pop Popcorn Review ](https://productreviewcafe.com/wp-
content/uploads/2013/03/skinnypop.png)](http://productreviewcafe.com/wp-
content/uploads/2013/03/skinnypop.png)

## **The Skinny on this Amazing Popcorn**

Skinny Pop is the creator of the all natural 39 calorie a cup popcorn! THANK
YOU! Their popcorn is also free of gluten, cholesterol, trans fats,
preservatives, nuts and GMO's. I was afraid it would taste overly dry and
plain, but it does not.

If you are looking for a healthy snack that tastes great and will satisfy your
salt craving, this is for you. I think there is a perfect balance of salt and
butter flavor (it is actually sunflower oil) on the popcorn, making it just
right and guilt free! Also, the quality of the popcorn is very good. Sometimes
bagged popcorn can taste stale or be chewy, but this tasted fresh popped. It
is pretty fresh and crunchy. The popcorn also seemed to lack all those choke
you out shells.

**NUTRITION COMPARISON**

**Skinny Pop already popped popcorn or microwave popcorn**

Serving size- 4 cups

Calories- 155

**Small Movie Theater Popcorn**

Serving size- 2 cups ****

Calories - 470- 630 (without the extra butter they ask you if you want)

### **Where to Find Skinny Pop Already Popped Popcorn**

For more information on where to [buy](https://www.skinnypop.com/) Skinny Pop
Popcorn please visit their website Skinnypop.com

![skinnypop pocorn in a bowl.](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-
content/uploads/2016/03/georgia-vagim-ny-lHmsHYHk-unsplash-2-560x450.jpg)

_Photo by[Georgia
Vagim](https://unsplash.com/@georgiavagim?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)
on
[Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/popcorn?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)_

Skinny Pop Popcorn can also be found at most large retailers now, such as
Costco, Walmart, Hannaford, Kroger and so many more we can't list them all.
Amazon is a huge seller of the already popped popcorn. It comes in all kinds
of flavors and now even microwave bags. This skinny popcorn is an absolute
must for low calorie diets or light snacks. Well.. or heavy
[snackers](https://americasfavoritepopcorn.com/blogs/all-blogs/fun-facts-
about-popcorn) like me who need limitless servings. Enjoy! Come back and tell
is what you thought.

![sugar free caramel popcorn in a bowl. ](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-
content/uploads/2016/03/john-tecuceanu-DPv61r6uCg8-unsplash-2-456x450.jpg)

_Photo by[John
Tecuceanu](https://unsplash.com/@pixeldustie?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)
on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/caramel-
popcorn?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)_

## Making our SkinnyPop Sugar Free Caramel Popcorn Recipe

Our skinny sugar free caramel popcorn uses SkinnyPop microwave popcorn with
sugar free caramel sauce and a few other ingredients to make the best homemade
caramel popcorn. This low calorie popcorn is indulgent and the perfect guilt
free snack.

![sugar free caramel popcorn in a bowl.](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-
content/uploads/2016/03/john-tecuceanu-DPv61r6uCg8-unsplash-2-720x720.jpg)

# Sugar Free Caramel Popcorn Recipe using SkinnyPop Low Calorie Popcorn

_Yield:_ 2 servings

_Prep Time:_ 5 minutes

_Cook Time:_ 5 minutes

_Additional Time:_ 5 minutes

_Total Time:_ 15 minutes

Our easy sugar free caramel popcorn uses SkinnyPop microwave popcorn to make a
super indulgent guilt free snack!

Print

## Ingredients

  * 1 Bag SkinnyPop Microwave Popcorn, Already Popped and Cool 
  * ⅓ cup Sugar Free Caramel Sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon Unsweetened Almond Milk 
  * 1 teaspoon Vanilla 
  * ½ teaspoon Cinnamon (optional) 

## Instructions

  1. Pour Skinny popcorn into a bowl.
  2. Using a small bowl, mix the caramel sauce, almond milk and vanilla together.
  3. Pour over popcorn and toss to coat. 
  4. Enjoy! 

## Notes

Popcorn is best devoured all at once. It does not keep well leftover.

###### Nutrition Information:

Yield: 2 Serving Size: 1  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 150Total Fat: 6gTrans Fat: 0gCholesterol:
0mgCarbohydrates: 13gNet Carbohydrates: 7gFiber: 6gSugar Alcohols: 2g

_Nutrition facts are auto- populated by the app for this recipe card, numbers
may vary. For best results, input your exact brand ingredients into a recipe
analyzer like Verywell or MyFitnessPal._

[ ](https://www.pinterest.com/howtothisandthat "Pinterest Profile:
howtothisandthat")

## Don't Forget To Save This Post

Please leave a comment on the blog or share a photo on
[Pinterest](https://www.pinterest.com/howtothisandthat)

(C) Melissa

**Cuisine:** American  / **Category:** Desserts Recipes

![](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/john-tecuceanu-
DPv61r6uCg8-unsplash-2-735x725.jpg)

![](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/290177090_10166578384915137_6271684551652502020_n.png)

[Melissa](https://howtothisandthat.com/about)

 **Owner & Lead Recipe Developer for _It's Simple!_ since 2015**, where you
will find our best **Family Favorites** & **Keto Low Carb Dishes** with
**Helpful Cooking Tips** & Hints in each post. Many Thanks for Stopping By,
Enjoy!

[](https://www.facebook.com/simplythebestfoodrecipes)[](https://www.instagram.com/howto_simpleketorecipes/)[](https://www.pinterest.com/howtothisandthat/)[](https://www.reddit.com/)[](https://wa.me/https://www.facebook.com/simplythebestfoodrecipes)

### Related Posts:

  * [![Free Valentine's Day Kid's Word Search Printable](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/Blank-1200-x-1200-6.png)Free Valentine's Day Kid's Word Search…](https://howtothisandthat.com/free-valentines-day-kids-word-search-printable/)
  * [![Free Camping In Maine](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/free-camping-in-maine.jpg)Free Camping In Maine](https://howtothisandthat.com/free-camping-in-maine/)
  * [![Apple Pie Sugar Cookie Cups](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/apple-pie-sugar-cookie-cups-2-320x320.jpg)Apple Pie Sugar Cookie Cups](https://howtothisandthat.com/apple-pie-sugar-cookie-cups/)
  * [![DIY Copycat Warm Vanilla Sugar Body Scrub](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/warm-vanilla-sugar-body-scrub-1.jpg)DIY Copycat Warm Vanilla Sugar Body…](https://howtothisandthat.com/warm-vanilla-sugar-body-scrub/)

Share this Post!

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fhowtothisandthat.com%2Fskinny-pop-popcorn-review-plus-recipe%2F&t=Skinny%20Pop%20Popcorn%20Review%20%2B%20Sugar%20Free%20Caramel%20Corn%20Recipe "Share on Facebook")
  *   *   * [ ](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Skinny%20Pop%20Popcorn%20Review%20%2B%20Sugar%20Free%20Caramel%20Corn%20Recipe&url=https%3A%2F%2Fhowtothisandthat.com%2Fskinny-pop-popcorn-review-plus-recipe%2F "Share on Twitter")
  * [ ](https://www.reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fhowtothisandthat.com%2Fskinny-pop-popcorn-review-plus-recipe%2F&title=Skinny%20Pop%20Popcorn%20Review%20%2B%20Sugar%20Free%20Caramel%20Corn%20Recipe "Share on Reddit")
  * [ ](https://www.yummly.com/urb/verify?url=https%3A%2F%2Fhowtothisandthat.com%2Fskinny-pop-popcorn-review-plus-recipe%2F&title=Skinny%20Pop%20Popcorn%20Review%20%2B%20Sugar%20Free%20Caramel%20Corn%20Recipe&image=https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/georgia-vagim-ny-lHmsHYHk-unsplash-2.jpg "Share on Yummly")

Table of Contents

__

  * Skinny Pop Popcorn Review
    *       * My Waist Yells At Me
    * SkinnyPop Low Calorie Already Popped Popcorn
    * The Skinny on this Amazing Popcorn
      * Where to Find Skinny Pop Already Popped Popcorn
    * Making our SkinnyPop Sugar Free Caramel Popcorn Recipe

### 3 thoughts on "SkinnyPop Popcorn Review + Sugar Free Caramel Popcorn
Recipe"

  1. Kathy

[ September 11, 2022 at  ](https://howtothisandthat.com/skinny-pop-popcorn-
review-plus-recipe/#comment-122570)

This homemade caramel popcorn is a great idea, I never thought to make my own
with sugar free caramel sauce. It's SO GOOD Thank you for this recipe and
Skinny Pop for a good product.

Reply

    * Melissa

[ September 11, 2022 at  ](https://howtothisandthat.com/skinny-pop-popcorn-
review-plus-recipe/#comment-122571)

You're welcome!

Reply

  2. Elspeth

[ July 16, 2019 at  ](https://howtothisandthat.com/skinny-pop-popcorn-review-
plus-recipe/#comment-120798)

I absolutely love Skinny Popcorn. I eat it every evening without guilt. And as
a HHC I also recommend it to my clients.

Reply

### Leave a Comment [Cancel reply](/skinny-pop-popcorn-review-plus-
recipe/#respond)

Comment

Name Email

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Website

![](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/290177090_10166578384915137_6271684551652502020_n.png)

[Melissa](https://howtothisandthat.com/about)

 **Owner & Lead Recipe Developer for _It's Simple!_ since 2015**, where you
will find our best **Family Favorites** & **Keto Low Carb Dishes** with
**Helpful Cooking Tips** & Hints in each post. Many Thanks for Stopping By,
Enjoy!

[](https://www.facebook.com/simplythebestfoodrecipes)[](https://www.instagram.com/howto_simpleketorecipes/)[](https://www.pinterest.com/howtothisandthat/)[](https://www.reddit.com/)[](https://wa.me/https://www.facebook.com/simplythebestfoodrecipes)

[![ photo fetured on _zpseuxvmzb0.png](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-
content/uploads/2016/10/fetured-on-
_zpseuxvmzb0.png)](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-
content/uploads/2016/10/fetured-on-_zpseuxvmzb0.png)

[![](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/SoFabFood-
Contributor-Badge.jpg)](http://sofabfood.com)

[ ](http://sofabfood.com)

[](http://sofabfood.com)[![ photo
buzzfeed_zpsse1oqoeo.png](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-
content/uploads/2016/10/buzzfeed_zpsse1oqoeo.png)](https://www.buzzfeed.com/jessicamisener/copycat-
recipes-chain-restaurants-yum?utm_term=.nvXOjZwMWm#.pyWLx3nymq)

[![](https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/71XnUsGtMlL-680x689.jpg)](https://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/beautiful-
smoothie-bowls-carissa-bonham/1124243934)

## POLICIES

  * [Privacy Policy](https://howtothisandthat.com/privacy-policy/)
  * [Disclaimer](https://howtothisandthat.com/disclosure/)

## MORE

  * [Contact](https://howtothisandthat.com/contact-us/)
  * [Services](https://howtothisandthat.com/work-with-us-its-simple-by-howtothisandthat/)
  * [About Us- It's Simple by HowToThisandThat](https://howtothisandthat.com/about-me/)

Copyright (C) 2022 • It's Simple by HowToThisandThat

  * [Keto Recipes Index](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/low-carb-recipes/)
    * [Keto Breakfast](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/ketobreakfastrecipes/)
    * [Keto Lunch & Snacks](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/ketosnackslunch/)
    * [Keto Dinners](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/ketodinnerrecipes/)
    * [Keto Side Dishes](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/ketosidedishes/)
    * [Keto Desserts](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/ketodessertrecipes/)
    * [Free Keto Resources](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/howtostartaketodiet/)
  * [Family Recipes](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/)
    * [Appetizers](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/appetizer-recipes/)
    * [Breakfast](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/breakfast-recipes/)
    * [Desserts](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/desserts-recipes/)
    * [Holiday](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/holiday-recipes/)
    * [Quick Meals](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/quick-meals/)
    * [Side Dishes](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipes/side-dish-recipes/)
    * [Recipe RoundUps](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/recipe-roundups/)
  * [Fun Stuff](https://howtothisandthat.com/category/crafts/)
  * [About](https://howtothisandthat.com/about-me/)
  * [Collaborate](https://howtothisandthat.com/work-with-us-its-simple-by-howtothisandthat/)
    * [Brand Partnerships](https://howtothisandthat.com/brand-partnerships-and-collaborations/)
    * [Virtual Assistant Services](https://howtothisandthat.com/virtual-assistant-services/)
    * [Contact](https://howtothisandthat.com/contact-us/)

Close

Skip to Recipe

[![web
analytics](https://c.statcounter.com/9185375/0/c6234b5e/1/)](https://statcounter.com/
"web analytics")

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fhowtothisandthat.com%2Fskinny-pop-popcorn-review-plus-recipe%2F&t=Skinny%20Pop%20Popcorn%20Review%20%2B%20Sugar%20Free%20Caramel%20Corn%20Recipe "Share on Facebook")
  *   * [ ](https://www.yummly.com/urb/verify?url=https%3A%2F%2Fhowtothisandthat.com%2Fskinny-pop-popcorn-review-plus-recipe%2F&title=Skinny%20Pop%20Popcorn%20Review%20%2B%20Sugar%20Free%20Caramel%20Corn%20Recipe&image=https://howtothisandthat.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/georgia-vagim-ny-lHmsHYHk-unsplash-2.jpg "Share on Yummly")
  * [ ](https://www.reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fhowtothisandthat.com%2Fskinny-pop-popcorn-review-plus-recipe%2F&title=Skinny%20Pop%20Popcorn%20Review%20%2B%20Sugar%20Free%20Caramel%20Corn%20Recipe "Share on Reddit")
  * [ ](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Skinny%20Pop%20Popcorn%20Review%20%2B%20Sugar%20Free%20Caramel%20Corn%20Recipe&url=https%3A%2F%2Fhowtothisandthat.com%2Fskinny-pop-popcorn-review-plus-recipe%2F "Share on Twitter")
  * 

