Given the schema.org type(s), properties, content, please write the schema.org JSON-LD markup that matches the content according to the schema.org type(s). Only output JSON-LD markup.

The schema.org types:
<types>
{"@type": ['http://schema.org/Store']}
</types>

Properties for http://schema.org/Store:
<properties>
['paymentAccepted', 'priceRange', 'openingHours', 'branchOf', 'currenciesAccepted', 'containedInPlace', 'review', 'additionalProperty', 'geoCrosses', 'reviews', 'geoTouches', 'maximumAttendeeCapacity', 'hasMap', 'branchCode', 'geoWithin', 'photo', 'geoCovers', 'geoContains', 'isicV4', 'specialOpeningHoursSpecification', 'faxNumber', 'map', 'slogan', 'maps', 'hasDriveThroughService', 'geoIntersects', 'keywords', 'publicAccess', 'events', 'geoEquals', 'geoOverlaps', 'smokingAllowed', 'address', 'tourBookingPage', 'telephone', 'geo', 'longitude', 'photos', 'geoDisjoint', 'event', 'containsPlace', 'latitude', 'containedIn', 'openingHoursSpecification', 'isAccessibleForFree', 'amenityFeature', 'geoCoveredBy', 'aggregateRating', 'logo', 'globalLocationNumber', 'image', 'description', 'alternateName', 'identifier', 'sameAs', 'additionalType', 'disambiguatingDescription', 'url', 'potentialAction', 'name', 'subjectOf', 'mainEntityOfPage', 'location', 'employee', 'parentOrganization', 'faxNumber', 'nonprofitStatus', 'foundingLocation', 'keywords', 'events', 'ethicsPolicy', 'hasOfferCatalog', 'leiCode', 'iso6523Code', 'memberOf', 'awards', 'ownershipFundingInfo', 'address', 'agentInteractionStatistic', 'seeks', 'slogan', 'employees', 'event', 'serviceArea', 'hasMerchantReturnPolicy', 'numberOfEmployees', 'correctionsPolicy', 'knowsLanguage', 'owns', 'telephone', 'founder', 'unnamedSourcesPolicy', 'knowsAbout', 'areaServed', 'vatID', 'subOrganization', 'aggregateRating', 'foundingDate', 'actionableFeedbackPolicy', 'globalLocationNumber', 'diversityPolicy', 'funding', 'founders', 'alumni', 'brand', 'legalName', 'reviews', 'member', 'funder', 'naics', 'hasCredential', 'diversityStaffingReport', 'hasPOS', 'email', 'sponsor', 'logo', 'members', 'review', 'duns', 'contactPoint', 'dissolutionDate', 'publishingPrinciples', 'contactPoints', 'hasProductReturnPolicy', 'isicV4', 'department', 'makesOffer', 'award', 'taxID', 'interactionStatistic', 'image', 'description', 'alternateName', 'identifier', 'sameAs', 'additionalType', 'disambiguatingDescription', 'url', 'potentialAction', 'name', 'subjectOf', 'mainEntityOfPage']
</properties>

Example 0 for http://schema.org/Store:

- Example content:
<example_content>
<div>
  <div>
    <h1>Delia's Daily Supplies</h1>
    <p>For your daily newspapers, candies, snacks and (via our in-store pharmacy)
      drugs and healthcare products to keep you and your family happy, healthy and
      supplied with all your daily needs.</p>
    <p>Open: Monday-Friday 7am-11pm</p>
    <p>Phone: 555-0100-1110</p>
  </div>

  <div>
    <h2>Philippa's Pharmacy</h2>
    <p>A superb collection of fine pharmaceuticals for your beauty and healthcare needs,
      a department of Delia's Drugstore. Call our desk to speak to the on-duty pharmacist
      any morning Monday-Thursday.</p>
    <p>Open: Monday-Thursday 9am-noon</p>
    <p>Phone: 555-0100-1111</p>
  </div>

  <!-- another department -->
  <div>
    <h2>Larry's Laundromat</h2>
    <p>Keep your clothes clean while you do your daily shopping!</p>
    <p>Open: Open weekdays 1pm-5:30pm.</p>
    <p>Phone: 555-0100-2121</p>
    <p>A branch of
    <a href="http://example.com/">Larry's International</a>.</p>
  </div>
</div>
</example_content>

- Example markup:
<example_markup>
{"@context": "https://schema.org", "@type": "Store", "name": "Delia's Daily Supplies", "description": "For your daily newspapers, candies, snacks and (via our in-store pharmacy) drugs and healthcare products to keep you and your family happy, healthy and supplied with all your daily needs.", "openingHours": "Mo-Fr 07:00-23:00", "telephone": "+155501001110", "department": [{"@type": "Pharmacy", "name": "Philippa's Pharmacy", "description": "A superb collection of fine pharmaceuticals for your   beauty and healthcare needs, a department of Delia's Drugstore. Call our desk to speak to the on-duty pharmacist any morning Monday-Thursday.", "openingHours": "Mo-Th 09:00-12:00", "telephone": "+155501001111"}, {"@type": "DryCleaningOrLaundry", "name": "Larry's Laundromat", "description": "Keep your clothes clean while you do your daily shopping!", "openingHours": "Mo-Fr 13:00-17:30", "telephone": "+155501002121", "parentOrganization": {"@type": "Corporation", "url": "http://example.com/", "name": "Larry's International"}}]}
</example_markup>

The content:
<content>
907-868-8639

[ ![Hillside Natural Wellness Cannabis Dispensary](https://hnwalaska.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/06/hillside-natural-wellness-logo-2022.png)
](https://hnwalaska.com/)

  * [Home](https://hnwalaska.com/)
  * [Menu](https://hnwalaska.com/menu/)
  * [Contact](https://hnwalaska.com/contact/)
  * [Careers](https://hnwalaska.com/careers/)
  * [Cannabis Blog](https://hnwalaska.com/blog/)

Select Page

# Privacy Policy

# Privacy Policy for Hillside Natural Wellness

At https://hillsidenaturalwellness.insyncmedia.org, one of our main priorities
is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of
information that is collected and recorded by
https://hillsidenaturalwellness.insyncmedia.org and how we use it.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy
Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for
visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared
and/or collect at https://hillsidenaturalwellness.insyncmedia.org. This policy
is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other
than this website.

## Consent

By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to
its terms.

## Information We Collect

The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why
you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you
to provide your personal information.

If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you
such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message
and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose
to provide.

If applicable, when you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact
information, including items such as name, company name, address, email
address, and telephone number.

## How we use your information

We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:

  * Provide, operate, and maintain our website
  * Improve, personalize, and expand our website
  * Understand and analyze how you use our website
  * Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
  * Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the website, and for marketing and promotional purposes
  * Send you emails
  * Find and prevent fraud

## Log Files

https://hillsidenaturalwellness.insyncmedia.org follows a standard procedure
of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All
hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The
information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses,
browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp,
referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked
to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the
information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users'
movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.

## Cookies and Web Beacons

Like any other website, https://hillsidenaturalwellness.insyncmedia.org uses
'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors'
preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or
visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by
customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other
information.

For more general information on cookies, please read ["What Are
Cookies"](https://www.cookieconsent.com/what-are-cookies/).

## Google DoubleClick DART Cookie

Google is a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as
DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to
www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose
to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content
network Privacy Policy at the following URL â€“
<https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads>

Note that https://hillsidenaturalwellness.insyncmedia.org has no access to or
control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.

## Third Party Privacy Policies

https://hillsidenaturalwellness.insyncmedia.org's Privacy Policy does not
apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult
the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more
detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about
how to opt-out of certain options.

You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To
know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web
browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.

## CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)

Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:

Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the
categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected
about consumers.

Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a
business has collected.

Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the
consumer's personal data.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like
to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

## GDPR Data Protection Rights for European Visitors

We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection
rights. Every user is entitled to the following:

The right to access â€“ You have the right to request copies of your personal
data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.

The right to rectification â€“ You have the right to request that we correct any
information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that
we complete the information you believe is incomplete.

The right to erasure â€“ You have the right to request that we erase your
personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to restrict processing â€“ You have the right to request that we
restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to object to processing â€“ You have the right to object to our
processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to data portability â€“ You have the right to request that we transfer
the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you,
under certain conditions.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like
to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

## Children's Information

Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the
internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in,
and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

https://hillsidenaturalwellness.insyncmedia.org does not knowingly collect any
Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you
think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we
strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best
efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.

## Third-Party Disclosure

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your
Personally Identifiable Information. This does not include website hosting
partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting
our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep
this information confidential. We may also release information when it's
release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or
protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.

## CAN SPAM Act

The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email,
establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right
to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties
for violations.

We may collect your email address in order to send information, respond to
inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.

To be in accordance with CAN SPAM, we agree to the following

  * Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
  * Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
  * Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
  * Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
  * Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
  * Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us
using the information below.

[![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%201000%20793'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://hnwalaska.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/06/hillside-natural-wellness-vertical-logo-
white-2022.png)](https://hnwalaska.com/)

While Alaska State law says that marijuana use is legal for Alaskans over 21
years old, there are still regulations, like consumption location. Click here
to visit the State of Alaska website and see current marijuana law.

### Open Hours

**Monday - Saturday:** 10AMâ€“10PM  
 **Sunday:** 10AMâ€“9PM

[Shop](https://hnwalaska.com/menu/)

#### Site Map

  * [Home](https://hnwalaska.com/)
  * [Menu](https://hnwalaska.com/menu/)
  * [Contact](https://hnwalaska.com/contact/)
  * [Careers](https://hnwalaska.com/careers/)
  * [Cannabis Blog](https://hnwalaska.com/blog/)

#### Extras

  * [FAQ](https://hnwalaska.com/marijuana-faq/)

  * [Follow](https://www.facebook.com/hillsidenaturalwellnessak "Follow on Facebook")
  * [Follow](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYrvlPwyQgAT0fJ5Q_Rd-KA/videos "Follow on Youtube")
  * [Follow](https://www.instagram.com/anchoragehnw/ "Follow on Instagram")
  * [Follow](https://twitter.com/NaturalHillside "Follow on Twitter")

Â© Hillside Natural Wellness | [Privacy Policy](https://hnwalaska.com/privacy-
policy) | [Terms of Service](https://weedmaps.com/legal/terms)


</content>
