#  Shakespeare's London

Follow in the footsteps of the world-renowned dramatist and discover the city
he made his home. Note: for the sake of example only two stages are presented
out of 19 in total, see url for details.

  * Urban tourism
  * Cultural tourism

[ All about the trip ](https://www.cityoflondon.gov.England/things-to-
do/visit-the-city/walks/Documents/Shakespeare_Walk_AA_accessible.pdf)

##  Shakespeare’s Gatehouse

The Cockpit pub marks the approximate site of Shakespeare’s gatehouse. On 10
March 1613, Shakespeare bought the old priory gatehouse from Henry Walker,
‘citizen and minstrel (musician)’ for £140. It was later bought at an auction
in 1843 by the City of London Corporation for £145. The deed of purchase for
the property still exists today and is housed at the London Metropolitan
Archives; it contains one of only six “authenticated” examples of
Shakespeare’s signature. The property is particularly significant because –
although Shakespeare owned property in Stratford – it is the only property he
is known to have owned in London. Given its convenient proximity to the
Blackfriars Playhouse and The Globe, Shakespeare may have intended to make it
his home, yet no evidence suggests he lived here in the four years prior to
his death in 1616.

##  Blackfriars Playhouse

Shakespeare’s Blackfriars Playhouse stood in Playhouse Yard and is regarded as
one of the most important sites in English theatre history. Richard Burbage
formed a syndicate with Shakespeare, Henry Condell and John Heminge, among
others, and together they purchased the playhouse in 1608; yet, due to the
outbreak of plague, the opening was delayed until the winter of 1609. It is
widely believed that The Winter’s Tale and Cymbeline were written with the
Blackfriars Playhouse in mind, despite the fact both plays were also performed
at The Globe theatre. The final show at Blackfriars Playhouse was performed in
1642, before it was pulled down in 1655.

