[![English Sweep Logo 2022 - English Sweep](https://englishsweep.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/04/English-Sweep-Logo-2022-English-
Sweep.png)](https://englishsweep.com/)

[Request An Appointment](https://englishsweep.com/request-a-free-quote/)

Call Us Today

[636-225-3340](tel:636-225-3340 "Call Us Today")

  * [Home](https://englishsweep.com/)
  * [Services](https://englishsweep.com/services/)
    * [Chimney Sweep](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-sweep/)
      * [Creosote Removal](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-sweep/creosote-removal/)
    * [Chimney Inspections](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-inspections/)
    * [Real Estate Inspections](https://englishsweep.com/services/real-estate-inspections/)
    * [Gas Appliance Service & Sweep](https://englishsweep.com/services/gas-appliance-service-sweep/)
    * [Chimney Repairs](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/)
      * [Leaky Chimney Repair](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/leaky-chimney-repair/)
        * [Crown Repair](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/leaky-chimney-repair/crown-repair/)
        * [Flashing Repair](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/leaky-chimney-repair/flashing-repair/)
        * [Chase Tops & Custom Covers](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/leaky-chimney-repair/chase-tops-custom-covers/)
        * [Chimney Caps](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/leaky-chimney-repair/chimney-caps/)
        * [Waterproofing](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/leaky-chimney-repair/waterproofing/)
      * [Chimney Relining](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/chimney-relining/)
        * [Stainless Steel Liners](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/chimney-relining/stainless-steel-liners/)
        * [Aluminum/HVAC Liners](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/chimney-relining/aluminum-hvac-liners/)
        * [HeatShield® Flue Resurfacing](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/chimney-relining/heatshield-flue-resurfacing/)
        * [Firebox Repair](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/chimney-relining/firebox-repair/)
      * [Damper Repair & Replacement](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/damper-repair-replacement/)
      * [Masonry Repair (Tuckpointing)](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/masonry-repair-tuckpointing/)
      * [Chimney Demo, Rebuild & Restoration](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/chimney-demo-rebuild-restoration/)
      * [New Chimney Construction](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/new-chimney-construction/)
      * [Bellfires & Prior Fire Fireplaces](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/bellfires-prior-fire-fireplaces/)
    * [Makeup Air Solutions](https://englishsweep.com/services/makeup-air-solutions/)
    * [Dryer Vent Cleaning & Dryer Venting Solutions](https://englishsweep.com/services/dryer-vent-cleaning-dryer-venting-solutions/)
  * [Emergency Service](https://englishsweep.com/emergency-service/)
  * [Products](https://englishsweep.com/products/)
    * [Fireplace Inserts & Stoves](https://englishsweep.com/products/fireplace-inserts-stoves/)
    * [Gas Logs & Inserts](https://englishsweep.com/products/gas-logs-inserts/)
    * [Top-Sealing Dampers](https://englishsweep.com/products/top-sealing-dampers/)
    * [Custom Covers](https://englishsweep.com/products/custom-covers/)
  * [Testimonials](https://englishsweep.com/testimonials/)
  * [About Us](https://englishsweep.com/about-us/)
    * [Our Team](https://englishsweep.com/about-us/our-team/)
    * [Join Our Team](https://englishsweep.com/about-us/join-our-team/)
    * [News & Tips](https://englishsweep.com/about-us/news-tips/)
    * [Referral Reward Program](https://englishsweep.com/about-us/referral-reward-program/)
    * [Frequent Fires Program](https://englishsweep.com/about-us/frequent-fires-program/)
    * [Financing](https://englishsweep.com/about-us/financing/)
  * [Our Service Area](https://englishsweep.com/our-service-area/)
    * [St. Louis](https://englishsweep.com/our-service-area/st-louis/)
    * [Kirkwood](https://englishsweep.com/our-service-area/kirkwood/)
    * [Webster Groves](https://englishsweep.com/our-service-area/webster-groves/)
    * [University City](https://englishsweep.com/our-service-area/university-city/)
    * [Clayton](https://englishsweep.com/our-service-area/clayton/)
    * [Des Peres](https://englishsweep.com/our-service-area/des-peres/)
    * [Olivette](https://englishsweep.com/our-service-area/olivette/)
    * [Ballwin](https://englishsweep.com/our-service-area/ballwin/)
    * [Wildwood](https://englishsweep.com/our-service-area/wildwood/)
    * [Chesterfield](https://englishsweep.com/our-service-area/chesterfield/)
  * [Contact Us](https://englishsweep.com/contact-us/)
  * [Request a Free Quote](https://englishsweep.com/request-a-free-quote/)

[Chimney Services](https://englishsweep.com/) »
[Services](https://englishsweep.com/services/) » [Chimney
Repairs](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/) » Damper Repair &
Replacement

# Is Your Damper Damaged or Stuck in Place? Let Us Take a Look

Your damper is one piece of chimney anatomy that won’t be ignored. If it’s not
opened before you light a fire, you’ll have smoke in your home in a hurry. And
if it’s not shut after the fire is out, cold downdrafts will come swooping
down into your home.

But when your damper stops working and no longer effectively does its job, we
can help. Sometimes problems are major, sometimes they're minor. But whether
you simply need a pin replaced or it's time to consider a new damper, English
Sweep, Inc. has your back.

Let’s talk dampers…

## What & Where Is the Damper?

What’s interesting about dampers is that their role changes based on whether
or not your system is in use.

When a fire isn’t lit, the damper stays sealed up tight, ensuring your home
has an easier time maintaining a comfortable temperature, no matter the temp
outside. This ensures your HVAC system isn’t working extra hard, and it keeps
your monthly utility bills in an appropriate range, too.

When it’s time to light a fire, the damper is opened up. It should easily
open, so that any fumes, smoke, and vapors produced by your fire can safely
move up your chimney and out of your home.

[![English Sweep Chimney - Damper Repair](https://englishsweep.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/07/English-Sweep-Chimney-Damper-
Repair.jpg)](https://englishsweep.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/English-
Sweep-Chimney-Damper-Repair.jpg "English Sweep Chimney - Damper Repair")

#### English Sweep Chimney - Damper Repair

The damper opening can also be adjusted to help control the size of your
fires. More oxygen means bigger, brighter fires, and if you shut the damper a
bit, your fire will die down a little.

## Throat Dampers vs. Top-End Dampers – Which is Better for Me?

Throat dampers are what people typically think of when they picture a damper.
They’re located at the bottom of the chimney, and they can be opened or shut
with an easily-accessible lever in the fireplace.

There’s no denying that throat dampers have done what they’re supposed to do
over the decades, but because of their location, they’re prone to damage and
deterioration from heat and byproducts.

One big problem with throat dampers is that the metal material they’re made of
doesn’t provide a tight seal against the chimney flue. This gives air more
opportunity to seep in or out, and if things get off-kilter, then you’ve
really got a problem.

Throat dampers are also prone to rust, which can cause deterioration and keep
the damper from smoothly opening or closing altogether. A damper that can’t be
opened is pretty useless when building a fire, and if your damper won’t close,
the temperature of your home will be affected.

In recent years, sweeps have been noting more flaws with throat dampers and
wondering what can be done to address common damper problems – cue top-sealing
dampers.

Top-end dampers tend to excel where throat dampers fall short.

They sit at the top of your flue and close tight with a rubber gasket,
ensuring no gaps or openings are present to let air in or out. This means
lower energy bills, no cold downdrafts, and no heat escaping your chimney when
it’s not supposed to.

Additionally, top-sealing dampers can keep moisture and critters out of your
flue, by providing a watertight seal.

Top-sealing dampers also avoid rust, which is why our solution-minded sweeps
encourage anyone frustrated with their current throat damper to make the
switch to top-sealing today. This is an investment that’ll be well worth every
cent spent!

When it comes to energy savings, heightened efficiency, and better overall
protection for your fireplace, there’s no doubt that top-end dampers outweigh
throat dampers in every category. Consider making the switch, and start
reaping the benefits today.

## Reach Out to Our Trustworthy Crew for a Top-Sealing Damper Today

Whether you want your throat damper fixed, a [top-sealing
damper](https://englishsweep.com/products/top-sealing-dampers/) installed, or
you’d just like to discuss your options a bit more, we’re here for you. Call
636-225-3340 or [reach out online today for a free
quote](https://englishsweep.com/request-a-free-quote/). We’re here to help.



If your [chimney repair needs](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-
repairs/) include [repairing masonry joints
(tuckpointing)](https://englishsweep.com/services/chimney-repairs/masonry-
repair-tuckpointing/), you're in good hands with our expert crew.

## [Request a Free Quote](https://englishsweep.com/request-a-free-quote/
"Request a Free Quote")

[Call 636-225-3340](tel:636-225-3340)

938 Saint Louis Ave, Valley Park, MO 63088

[Follow Us]()

  * [Follow](https://www.facebook.com/EnglishSweep/ "Follow on Facebook")
  * [Follow](https://twitter.com/EnglishSweep "Follow on Twitter")
  * [Follow](https://www.linkedin.com/company/english-sweep/ "Follow on LinkedIn")
  * [Follow](https://www.instagram.com/english_sweep/ "Follow on Instagram")

[Contact Us](https://englishsweep.com/contact-us/)

Mon-Fri: 8AM - 4:30 PM

© English Sweep Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Designed by [Spark
Marketer](https://sparkmarketer.com "The systems and people to help local
service businesses win.") | [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy/) |
[Sitemap](/sitemap/)

