Skip to content

[BEDROOM ESSENTIALS

](https://www.bedroomeo.com/ "BEDROOM ESSENTIALS")

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/06/bedroomeo.jpg)

  * [Sheets](https://www.bedroomeo.com/top-rated-bed-sheets/)
    * [Antimicrobial Bed Sheets](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-silver-infused-antimicrobial-bed-sheets/)
    * [Best Cooling Sheets](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-cooling-sheets-for-hot-sleepers/)
  * [Pillows](https://www.bedroomeo.com/top-rated-bed-pillows/)
    * [Adjustable Bed Pillows](https://www.bedroomeo.com/adjustable-pillows-for-bed/)
    * [All-Positions Pillows](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-pillows-for-all-sleep-positions/)
    * [Leesa Hybrid Pillow Review](https://www.bedroomeo.com/leesa-hybrid-pillow-review/)
    * [Best Foam Pillow With Holes](https://www.bedroomeo.com/foam-pillow-with-holes/)
    * [Best Copper Infused Pillow](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-copper-infused-pillow/)
    * [100% Natural Talalay Latex Pillow](https://www.bedroomeo.com/100-natural-talalay-latex-pillow-review/)
    * [Luxury Foam Pillow](https://www.bedroomeo.com/luxury-foam-pillow/)
    * [Layla Pillows Review](https://www.bedroomeo.com/layla-kapok-memory-foam-pillows-review/)
    * [Pure Mulberry Silk Pillowcase](https://www.bedroomeo.com/pure-mulberry-silk-pillowcase/)
  * [Mattresses](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-rated-mattresses/)
    * [Best Soft Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-soft-mattress-for-side-sleepers/)
    * [Best Affordable Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-affordable-mattress-in-a-box/)
    * [Best Latex Hybrid Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-latex-hybrid-mattress-talalay/)
    * [Best Pressure Relief Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-pressure-relief-mattress/)
    * [Best Flippable Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/mattress-that-you-can-flip-over/)
    * [Best Cooling Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-cooling-mattress-for-side-sleepers/)
    * [Copper Infused Mattresses](https://www.bedroomeo.com/copper-infused-mattress/)
    * [Mattress With Strong Edge Support](https://www.bedroomeo.com/mattress-with-strong-edge-support/)
    * [High Quality Luxury Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/high-quality-luxury-mattress/)
    * [Best Firm Hybrid Cooling Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-firm-hybrid-cooling-mattress-chill-technology/)
    * [Best Mattress For Sports Recovery](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-mattress-for-sports-recovery/)
    * [Green Tea Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/zinus-12-inch-green-tea-mattress-review/)
    * [Super Soft Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/super-soft-mattress/)
    * [Best Mattress to Sleep Cool](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-mattress-to-sleep-cool/)
    * [Good Affordable Foam Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/affordable-good-quality-mattress/)
    * [Individually Wrapped Coil Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/individually-wrapped-coil-mattress/)
    * [Best Mattress For Heavy Side Sleepers](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-mattress-for-heavy-side-sleepers-hybrid/)
    * [Best Extra Firm Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-extra-firm-mattress/)
    * [Best Customizable Mattress in a Box](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-customizable-mattress-in-a-box/)
    * [Eco Friendly Latex Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/eco-friendly-latex-mattress-hybrid/)
    * [Cooling Memory Foam Mattress Topper](https://www.bedroomeo.com/2-inch-cooling-memory-foam-mattress-topper/)
    * [Mattress Protectors](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-mattress-protectors/)
    * [Mattress Toppers](https://www.bedroomeo.com/top-rated-mattress-toppers/)
  * [Blankets](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-blankets-for-beds/)
    * [Electric Blankets](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-rated-electric-blankets/)
    * [Weighted Blankets](https://www.bedroomeo.com/weighted-blankets-for-adults/)
    * [Weighted Blanket With Removable Cover](https://www.bedroomeo.com/weighted-blanket-with-removable-cover/)
  * [Comforters](https://www.bedroomeo.com/top-rated-comforters/)
  * [Beds](https://www.bedroomeo.com/beds-for-master-bedroom/)
    * [Bed Frames](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-quality-bed-frames/)
    * [Adjustable Bed Base With Massage](https://www.bedroomeo.com/adjustable-bed-base-with-massage/)
    * [Leesa Adjustable Base Review](https://www.bedroomeo.com/leesa-adjustable-base-review/)
  * [Furniture](https://www.bedroomeo.com/furniture/)
    * [Headboards](https://www.bedroomeo.com/headboard-ideas-for-master-bedroom/)
    * [Dressers](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-dressers-for-bedroom/)
    * [Chests of Drawers](https://www.bedroomeo.com/bedroom-chests-of-drawers/)
    * [Nightstands](https://www.bedroomeo.com/nightstands-for-bedroom/)
    * [Armoires Wardrobes](https://www.bedroomeo.com/bedroom-armoires-wardrobes/)
    * [Mirrors](https://www.bedroomeo.com/bedroom-mirrors-ideas/)
    * [Blackout Curtains](https://www.bedroomeo.com/blackout-curtains-for-bedroom-windows/)
    * [Best Air Purifier For Bedroom](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-air-purifier-for-bedroom/)

Search for...

[BEDROOM ESSENTIALS

](https://www.bedroomeo.com/ "BEDROOM ESSENTIALS")

Toggle Navigation

Toggle Navigation

  * [Sheets](https://www.bedroomeo.com/top-rated-bed-sheets/)
    * [Antimicrobial Bed Sheets](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-silver-infused-antimicrobial-bed-sheets/)
    * [Best Cooling Sheets](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-cooling-sheets-for-hot-sleepers/)
  * [Pillows](https://www.bedroomeo.com/top-rated-bed-pillows/)
    * [Adjustable Bed Pillows](https://www.bedroomeo.com/adjustable-pillows-for-bed/)
    * [All-Positions Pillows](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-pillows-for-all-sleep-positions/)
    * [Leesa Hybrid Pillow Review](https://www.bedroomeo.com/leesa-hybrid-pillow-review/)
    * [Best Foam Pillow With Holes](https://www.bedroomeo.com/foam-pillow-with-holes/)
    * [Best Copper Infused Pillow](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-copper-infused-pillow/)
    * [100% Natural Talalay Latex Pillow](https://www.bedroomeo.com/100-natural-talalay-latex-pillow-review/)
    * [Luxury Foam Pillow](https://www.bedroomeo.com/luxury-foam-pillow/)
    * [Layla Pillows Review](https://www.bedroomeo.com/layla-kapok-memory-foam-pillows-review/)
    * [Pure Mulberry Silk Pillowcase](https://www.bedroomeo.com/pure-mulberry-silk-pillowcase/)
  * [Mattresses](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-rated-mattresses/)
    * [Best Soft Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-soft-mattress-for-side-sleepers/)
    * [Best Affordable Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-affordable-mattress-in-a-box/)
    * [Best Latex Hybrid Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-latex-hybrid-mattress-talalay/)
    * [Best Pressure Relief Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-pressure-relief-mattress/)
    * [Best Flippable Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/mattress-that-you-can-flip-over/)
    * [Best Cooling Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-cooling-mattress-for-side-sleepers/)
    * [Copper Infused Mattresses](https://www.bedroomeo.com/copper-infused-mattress/)
    * [Mattress With Strong Edge Support](https://www.bedroomeo.com/mattress-with-strong-edge-support/)
    * [High Quality Luxury Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/high-quality-luxury-mattress/)
    * [Best Firm Hybrid Cooling Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-firm-hybrid-cooling-mattress-chill-technology/)
    * [Best Mattress For Sports Recovery](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-mattress-for-sports-recovery/)
    * [Green Tea Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/zinus-12-inch-green-tea-mattress-review/)
    * [Super Soft Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/super-soft-mattress/)
    * [Best Mattress to Sleep Cool](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-mattress-to-sleep-cool/)
    * [Good Affordable Foam Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/affordable-good-quality-mattress/)
    * [Individually Wrapped Coil Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/individually-wrapped-coil-mattress/)
    * [Best Mattress For Heavy Side Sleepers](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-mattress-for-heavy-side-sleepers-hybrid/)
    * [Best Extra Firm Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-extra-firm-mattress/)
    * [Best Customizable Mattress in a Box](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-customizable-mattress-in-a-box/)
    * [Eco Friendly Latex Mattress](https://www.bedroomeo.com/eco-friendly-latex-mattress-hybrid/)
    * [Cooling Memory Foam Mattress Topper](https://www.bedroomeo.com/2-inch-cooling-memory-foam-mattress-topper/)
    * [Mattress Protectors](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-mattress-protectors/)
    * [Mattress Toppers](https://www.bedroomeo.com/top-rated-mattress-toppers/)
  * [Blankets](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-blankets-for-beds/)
    * [Electric Blankets](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-rated-electric-blankets/)
    * [Weighted Blankets](https://www.bedroomeo.com/weighted-blankets-for-adults/)
    * [Weighted Blanket With Removable Cover](https://www.bedroomeo.com/weighted-blanket-with-removable-cover/)
  * [Comforters](https://www.bedroomeo.com/top-rated-comforters/)
  * [Beds](https://www.bedroomeo.com/beds-for-master-bedroom/)
    * [Bed Frames](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-quality-bed-frames/)
    * [Adjustable Bed Base With Massage](https://www.bedroomeo.com/adjustable-bed-base-with-massage/)
    * [Leesa Adjustable Base Review](https://www.bedroomeo.com/leesa-adjustable-base-review/)
  * [Furniture](https://www.bedroomeo.com/furniture/)
    * [Headboards](https://www.bedroomeo.com/headboard-ideas-for-master-bedroom/)
    * [Dressers](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-dressers-for-bedroom/)
    * [Chests of Drawers](https://www.bedroomeo.com/bedroom-chests-of-drawers/)
    * [Nightstands](https://www.bedroomeo.com/nightstands-for-bedroom/)
    * [Armoires Wardrobes](https://www.bedroomeo.com/bedroom-armoires-wardrobes/)
    * [Mirrors](https://www.bedroomeo.com/bedroom-mirrors-ideas/)
    * [Blackout Curtains](https://www.bedroomeo.com/blackout-curtains-for-bedroom-windows/)
    * [Best Air Purifier For Bedroom](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-air-purifier-for-bedroom/)

# Beds For Master Bedroom (Top Rated)

![Brownstone-Scrolled-
Sleighbed](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Brownstone-
Scrolled-Sleighbed](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/Brownstone-Scrolled-Sleighbed.jpg)

Are you looking for beds for master bedroom?

There are so many designs, materials, and features when it comes to bedroom
beds. So how do you choose the right one?

Here’s a list of the best selling models based on design.

Table of Contents

  * Top Rated Beds For Master Bedroom
    * Platform Beds
    * Storage Beds
    * Canopy Beds
    * Sleigh Beds
    * Wall Beds
  * How To Select The Right Size Bed

## Top Rated Beds For Master Bedroom

### Platform Beds

 **Brookside Leah Classic Wood Platform Bed**

![beds for master
bedroom](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![beds
for master bedroom](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/beds-
for-master-bedroom.jpg)

With this classic wood platform bed you will bring nature inside your bedroom.
It can easily match any décor because it comes in varying natural tones,
including white.

A modern headboard with a raised border attaches to thick side rails and a
decorative foot rail.

It comes with a slat roll and is compatible with all mattress types and
adjustable bed bases. It has a 600-pound weight capacity.

The 14-piece slat roll come with center support bar and there are also six
additional legs.

Durable medium density fiberboard is used to make this bed. The fiberboard
looks just like wood, but lasts longer because it better withstands wear and
tear.

Available in five varying wood tones: southern oak, black, golden maple, burnt
driftwood, rustic mahogany and white. And five sizes twin, full, queen, king
and California king.

Two-year limited warranty.

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/buy-free-
shipping.jpg)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/brookside-leah)

 **Copper Grove Ayrum Upholstered Bed**

![Copper-Grove-Ayrum-Upholstered-
Bed](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Copper-
Grove-Ayrum-Upholstered-Bed](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/Copper-Grove-Ayrum-Upholstered-Bed.jpg)

With a sleek design and a beautiful upholstered finish, this bed is the
perfect piece of furniture to finish your bedroom.

A classic buttonless square tufted upholstered headboard and thick upholstered
side rails match perfectly to create an elegant look.

Included wooden slats provide even support that eliminates the need for a box
spring. It also has durable and classy legs that go well with most styles.

All you need is a screwdriver to quickly and easily assemble this bed.

Available in six neutral colors: charcoal, stone, navy, beige, black, and
cream and six sizes twin, twin XL, full, queen, king and California king.

Backed by a 2-year limited warranty.

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/buy-free-
shipping.jpg)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/copper-grove-ayrum)

 **The Gray Barn Latigo Metal Platform Bed**

![The-Gray-Barn-Latigo-Metal-Platform-
Bed](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![The-
Gray-Barn-Latigo-Metal-Platform-Bed](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/The-Gray-Barn-Latigo-Metal-Platform-Bed.jpg)

The graceful look of this retro metal bed will refresh and invigorate your
bedroom The gentle arches have a regal appearance.

Made of sturdy metal frame construction, metal side rails provide stability,
while center metal rail and legs provide added support. Includes metal slats
for support and comfort and support legs.

This bed is not an iron bed. It is lighter weight metal but is still a
substantial metal bed.

Headboard and footboard have decorative round finial posts.

2 base height options: 6 or 11-inch clearance.

You do not need a box spring or additional foundation.

Available in black, white, and gold finish.

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/buy-free-
shipping.jpg)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/gray-barn-latigo)

### Storage Beds

 **Furniture of America Oslo Traditional 6-drawer Storage Bed**

![Oslo-Traditional-Storage-Platform-
Bed](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Oslo-
Traditional-Storage-Platform-Bed](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/Oslo-Traditional-Storage-Platform-Bed.jpg)

Increase storage space in your bedroom with this solid wood storage bed.

Six drawers (two footboard drawers, four bed rail drawers) provide sufficient
room for apparel and accessories.

The drawers are built with English dovetail and cedar construction that
protects your belongings. With antique-inspired drawer pulls.

It has a minimalistic style with classic molded trim details. The bed features
an elegant, curved paneled headboard and low-profile footboard.

Framework and legs are made of solid wood and offer a smooth appearance and
long-lasting support.  
Veneer surface crafted from engineered wood is resistant to cracking.

It's mattress ready; no box spring required.

Two color options: antique grey or brown cherry. Size options: California
king, eastern king or queen.

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/buy-free-
shipping.jpg)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/oslo-traditional-bed)

 **Prepac Tall Captain 's Storage Bed with 12 Drawers**

![Prepac-Tall-Queen-Captain's-Platform-Storage-Bed-
with-12-Drawers](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Prepac-
Tall-Queen-Captain's-Platform-Storage-Bed-
with-12-Drawers](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/Prepac-
Tall-Queen-Captains-Platform-Storage-Bed-with-12-Drawers.jpg)

This queen-sized bed has 12 drawers - six full-sized drawers on each side of
the bed! They are perfect for clothing, linens and other bedroom items.

There are finger pulls at the bottom of each drawer front for easy opening.

It will not only relieve the storage duties of dressers and chests, it also
fits right in with your décor.

The bed does not need a box spring. The slat support system only needs a
mattress. Total weight capacity is 500 lbs.

Wood slats are positioned length-wise and they distribute body weight evenly
to guarantee a good night’s sleep.

It's constructed from non-toxic, laminated composite woods and finished in
durable rich espresso laminate.

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/buy-free-
shipping.jpg)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/prepac-espresso)

 **Copper Grove Rivne Storage Bed with Drawers**

![Memomad-Bali-Storage-Platform-Bed-with-
Drawers](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Memomad-
Bali-Storage-Platform-Bed-with-Drawers](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/Memomad-Bali-Storage-Platform-Bed-with-Drawers.jpg)

This expansive bed will transform your bedroom into the efficient space. It
brings an abundance of well-distributed compartments, which you can use to
store seasonal clothes, linens, bedding, and more.

Twin has two drawers, four shelves, 1 compartment and 1 pullout shelf.

Queen and full has six drawers, four shelves, two compartments and 2 pullout
shelves.

King has six drawers, four shelves, three compartments and two pullout
shelves.

Made of solid pine wood with a smart and chic design.

Twin bed supports 310 pounds, while full, queen and king beds support 880
pounds.

No box spring needed. Available in caramel or off-white color.

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/buy-free-
shipping.jpg)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/copper-grove-rivne)

### Canopy Beds

 **Solivita Chrome Metal Poster Bed by iNSPIRE Q Bold**

![Solivita-Queen-size-Chrome-Metal-Poster-Bed-by-iNSPIRE-Q-
Bold](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Solivita-
Queen-size-Chrome-Metal-Poster-Bed-by-iNSPIRE-Q-
Bold](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/Solivita-Queen-
size-Chrome-Metal-Poster-Bed-by-iNSPIRE-Q-Bold.jpg)

With a simple and meticulously detailed design, this bed features a button-
tufted headboard. A modern metal poster creates an ultra luxurious look.

This bed is solid, sturdy and elegant. It looks like a bed in a luxury hotel.

The chrome finish frame and the dark grey linen headboard have astonishing
appeal.

This bed is perfect if you are trying to create a contemporary décor.

It comes with the canopy, the frame panels and three metal slats for a box
spring and mattress. Metal frame with wood and fabric construction.

Available in three colors: black bonded leather, off-white linen and grey
linen.

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/buy-free-
shipping.jpg)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/solivita-bed)

 **Avenue Greene Gia Grey Metal Canopy Bed**

![Avenue-Greene-Gia-Grey-Metal-Canopy-
Bed](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Avenue-
Greene-Gia-Grey-Metal-Canopy-Bed](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/Avenue-Greene-Gia-Grey-Metal-Canopy-Bed.jpg)

This bed will add elegance and sophistication to your bedroom! The metal bed
frame is very sturdy, providing excellent stability and making sure it will
last long time. Maximum weight capacity is 500 pounds.

22 metal slats provide support and comfort, while allowing air to flow beneath
your mattress, keeping it fresher. Metal side rails and additional center legs
for added support.

It accommodates standard queen-size mattress. A box spring is not needed.

With modern design, sleek silhouette and built-in headboard, it fits in a
standard ceiling room.

Available in queen size and grey color.

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/buy-free-
shipping.jpg)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/avenue-greene-gia)

 **Novogratz Marion Canopy Bed**

![Novogratz-Marion-Canopy-
Bed](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Novogratz-
Marion-Canopy-Bed](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/Novogratz-Marion-Canopy-Bed.jpg)

This bed is stylish and classy with a clean silhouette. It's made from solid
and sturdy metal with metal slats that do not need a foundation.

It has a sophisticated headboard and footboard. Metal side rails and center
legs provide full support and comfort.

You get 11 inches of clearance beneath the bed, making it prefect for storing
things away.

It's surprisingly easy to assemble, despite the big number of parts it comes
with.

Gold, white or grey finish and full, queen or king.

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/buy-free-
shipping.jpg)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/novogratz-marion)

### Sleigh Beds

 **Furniture of America Brev Rustic Beige Fabric Button-tufted Sleigh Bed**

![Furniture-of-America-Brev-Rustic-Beige-Fabric-Button-tufted-Sleigh-
Bed](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Furniture-
of-America-Brev-Rustic-Beige-Fabric-Button-tufted-Sleigh-
Bed](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/Furniture-of-
America-Brev-Rustic-Beige-Fabric-Button-tufted-Sleigh-Bed.jpg)

This exquisite bed gives your bedroom a magazine-style makeover. It adds
rustic aesthetic flair.

The sleigh-styled headboard and footboard add a touch of sophistication. At
the same time, bun feet and scrolled side details show ornamented charm.

Button-tufted upholstery adds depth. It's padded and lets you to lounge and
read a book.

It's crafted from wood and finished in a rustic natural tone.

Solid wood legs and framework offer a smooth appearance and durable support.

Veneer surface crafted from engineered wood for consistent finishes and
resistance to cracking.

Three size options: queen, king and California king.

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/buy-free-
shipping.jpg)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/brigette-rustic)

 **Gracewood Hollow Sulkuqi Brownstone Scrolled Sleigh Bed**

![Brownstone-Scrolled-
Sleighbed](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Brownstone-
Scrolled-Sleighbed](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/Brownstone-Scrolled-Sleighbed.jpg)

Coming with a headboard, footboard and rails, this bed set adds luxury to your
bedroom. The brownstone finish matches with different decor styles and color
schemes.

Scrolled bracket feet offer durable support.

It's made from poplar solids, metal, and birch veneers.

Other features include:

  * English dovetail construction
  * Fancy 40-way match veneer tops
  * Bolt-on rail system holds up well over time
  * Rope twist moldings

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/buy-free-
shipping.jpg)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/gracewood-hollow-sulkuqi)

 **Sawyer Tufted Bed by Greyson Living**

![Sawyer-Tufted-Bed-by-Greyson-
Living](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Sawyer-
Tufted-Bed-by-Greyson-Living](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/Sawyer-Tufted-Bed-by-Greyson-Living.jpg)

It features a gorgeously upholstered rolled headboard and footboard.

It's made from polyester blend and solid wood. Headboard is accented by button
tufting.

It has beautiful and durable 100 percent polyester fabric upholstery, while
elegantly turned feet are crafted from solid wood.

It can accommodate a mattress and boxspring or can be used without a
boxspring.

Available in king or queen sizes, and grey or beige upholstery to match many
styles and decors.

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/buy-free-
shipping.jpg)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/sawyer-tufted)

### Wall Beds

 **Bestar Pur Queen-size Wall Bed**

![Bestar-Pur-Queen-size-Wall-
Bed](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Bestar-
Pur-Queen-size-Wall-Bed](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/Bestar-Pur-Queen-size-Wall-Bed-2.jpg)

![Bestar-Pur-Queen-size-Wall-
Bed](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Bestar-
Pur-Queen-size-Wall-Bed](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/Bestar-Pur-Queen-size-Wall-Bed.jpg)

Easily and safely lower the bed and flip the legs down using the built-in pull
handle and dual-piston system.

The paneled wood design looks amazing when the bed is up.

You do not need a box spring because the bed comes with the slat setup,
meaning more space for you.

Requires 101 inches of clearance from wall when opened. 9.4 inches under-bed
clearance.

Available in brown, white, and grey wood finish.

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/buy-free-
shipping.jpg)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/bestar-pur)

 **Atlantic Nantucket Murphy Bed Chest**

![Atlantic-Nantucket-Queen-Murphy-Bed-Chest-in-
White](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Atlantic-
Nantucket-Queen-Murphy-Bed-Chest-in-White](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/Atlantic-Nantucket-Queen-Murphy-Bed-Chest-in-
White.jpg)

![Atlantic-Nantucket-White-Queen-size-Murphy-Bed-
Chest](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Atlantic-
Nantucket-White-Queen-size-Murphy-Bed-Chest](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/Atlantic-Nantucket-White-Queen-size-Murphy-Bed-
Chest.jpg)

This marvelous and sophisticated wall bed includes a built-in USB charging
station to power up your devices overnight. It also has two storage drawers to
keep your necessities. Satin finished hardware.

This foldaway wooden bed comes with a memory foam mattress: 5 inches of highly
resilient support foam and 1 inch of CoolSoft gel infused memory foam.

Twin or queen options and white, grey, and espresso colors.

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/buy-free-
shipping.jpg)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/atlantic-nantucket)

##
[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/buy-beds.png)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/beds)

## How To Select The Right Size Bed

We spend a third of our life in bed, so the beds are really important. From
the bedding and the sheets to the mattress, but before you even get there,
have you ever thought about what size bed looks most beautiful in a space? Or
better yet, which one is most functional in a space?

When it comes to bed sizes, the general rule of thumb is the bigger the
better. The worst thing you want to do is to end up sleeping on something that
isn't right for you.

The Sleep Council recommends that the more space you’ve got, the less
disturbance you’ll have from your partner, and the much better night’s sleep
you’ll have.

Most people make a mistake of letting the size of their room determine the
size of their bed.

The best way to find out the correct size bed for you is to try the beds out.
Bring your partner along, lie on the beds, put your hands behind your head,
and if you find that your elbows are touching, you’ll need the next size bed.

Also, your bed should be at least 10 centimeters longer than the tallest
person sleeping in it.

This will make sure that you have enough space to get a good night's sleep,
without bashing your partner, rolling into them or having your toes dangling
out at the end.

[Best Quality Bed Frames Online](https://www.bedroomeo.com/best-quality-bed-
frames/)

[Best Adjustable Bed Base With Massage](https://www.bedroomeo.com/adjustable-
bed-base-with-massage/)

[Leesa Adjustable Base Review (All-in-one
Support)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/leesa-adjustable-base-review/)

![Alex, Interior
Designer](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Alex,
Interior Designer](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/01/alex.jpg)

[Alex](https://www.bedroomeo.com/author/alex/)

Alex P. Davis has a BA in Interior Design from The New York School of Interior
Design and 10 years of experience expertly designing sophisticated interiors.

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/07/laundry-detergent-
sheets.jpg)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/lds)

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](/beds-for-master-bedroom/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/09/best-selling-bed-
sheets.jpg)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/miracle)

* * *

[![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.bedroomeo.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/09/bedding-deals.jpg)](https://www.bedroomeo.com/bedding)

Copyright © 2021 · Bedroomeo | [About](https://www.bedroomeo.com/about/) |
[Contact](https://www.bedroomeo.com/contact/) | [Privacy
Policy](https://www.bedroomeo.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie
Policy](https://www.bedroomeo.com/cookie-policy/) | [Terms and
Conditions](https://www.bedroomeo.com/terms-and-conditions/) \- Follow us:
[Pinterest](https://www.pinterest.com/bedroomeo/) |
[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCh2Eh8SF7uwKdhbUhyQYm7A/)

