Skip to content

[

## shop.classB®

](https://shop.classb.com/)

  * [Products](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/products/)
    * [Ceramic Mugs](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/ceramic-mugs/)
    * [Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/products/vinyl-banners/)
    * [Wedding Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/weddings/wedding-banners/)
    * [Sweet 16 Party Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/sweet-16-party/sweet-16-party-banners/)
    * [Military Graduation Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/military-support/military-support-banners/)
    * [Business Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/business-banners/)
    * [Event Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/event-banners/)
    * [Quinceañera Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/quinceanera/quinceanera-banner/)
    * [Baby Shower Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/baby-showers/baby-shower-banners/)
    * [Birthday Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/birthday/birthday-banner/)
    * [Graduation Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/graduation/graduation-banners/)
    * [Healthcare Graphic Tees](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/medical-field-apparel/medical-field-graphic-tees/)
    * [Custom T-shirts | Screen printing | Digital | Embroidery](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/products/custom-t-shirts/)
  * [Groups](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/)
    * [American Legion](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/american-legion/)
    * [Bar and Bat Mitzvah](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/bar-bat-mitzvah/)
    * [Class Reunion](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/class-reunion/)
    * [Family Reunion](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/family-reunion/)
    * [JROTC](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/jrotc/)
    * [Key Club](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/key-club/)
    * [Kiwanis](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/kiwanis/)
    * [Farm Life Apparel](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/farm-life-apparel/)
    * [Trail Life USA](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/trail-life/)
  * [My Account](https://shop.classb.com/my-account/)

[0](https://shop.classb.com/cart)

Search for:

☰

[Home](https://shop.classb.com) / [Groups](https://shop.classb.com/product-
category/groups/) / [Family Reunion](https://shop.classb.com/product-
category/groups/family-reunion/) / Family Reunion Vinyl Banner - Magenta

[![Family Reunion Vinyl Banner with Pink Spiral
design](https://shop.classb.com/wp-
content/uploads/sites/8/2019/06/PS5971-FAMILY-REUNION-BANNER-MAGENTA-
BACKGROUND-45599-1-750x219.jpg)](https://shop.classb.com/wp-
content/uploads/sites/8/2019/06/PS5971-FAMILY-REUNION-BANNER-MAGENTA-
BACKGROUND-45599-1.jpg)

# Family Reunion Vinyl Banner - Magenta

$89.00 - $119.00

Banner Size |

Choose an option96 in. long X 28 in. tall96 in. long X 36 in. tall

Banner Size Swatch Selector 96 by 28 inches96 inch length by 28 inch height
swatch for banners product option

Banner Size Swatch Selector 96 by 36 inches96 inch length by 36 inch height
swatch for banners product option

  
  
---|---  
Banner Type |

Choose an optionGrommetsPole Pocket

Banner Option Selector - GrommetsBanner product swatch selector to use
grommets

Banner Option Selector - Pole PocketBanner product swatch selector to use a
pole pocket

  
  
Line 1 *

Line 2 *

Line 3

Add Custom Design? ($30.00) ![](https://shop.classb.com/wp-
content/plugins/woocommerce-jetpack/assets/images/question-icon.png)

($0.00)

Family Reunion Vinyl Banner - Magenta quantity

-- OR --

Add to cart

SKU: B68503 Categories: [Family Reunion](https://shop.classb.com/product-
category/groups/family-reunion/), [Family Reunion Vinyl
Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/family-
reunion/family-reunion-banners/), [Vinyl
Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/products/vinyl-banners/)

  * Description 
  * Additional information 
  * Reviews (0) 

## Description

Vinyl banner for Your Family reunion. Hang outside the family reunion location
to let people know where to go. Family reunion vinyl banner design features
decorative background. Vinyl Banner design colors and elements can be changed
to whatever you want.

28″x8″ full color vinyl Banner! Taped edges with grommets for hanging. Top and
bottom of the banner has 5 grommets per side for a total of 10 per banner.
(one every 2 feet)

Basic customization of text in the portions shown is included. Additional
customization of colors, design or text may add $30.00. This charge will
include a proof of the design sent to you for approval.

**Allow **7-8** business days for production before shipping. Add an
additional 2 business days for Pole Pockets.**

All vinyl banners are 96″ wide and have the option for grommets or a pole
pocket to hang on a cable or to use for parades. The pole pocket is the entire
length of the banner and fits a standard wooden closet rod. Other suggestions
for the parade pocket pole would be aluminum curtain rods, wooden dowels, or
collapsible fiber-glass dome tent poles.

Planning a Family reunion? See all [Family Reunion custom
T-shirts](https://www.classb.com/family-reunion-custom-t-shirts/)

## Additional information

Weight | 2 lbs  
---|---  
Dimensions | 37.6875 × 6.125 × 5.125 in  
Banner Size |

96 in. long X 28 in. tall, 96 in. long X 36 in. tall  
  
Banner Type |

Grommets, Pole Pocket  
  
##  Reviews

There are no reviews yet.

Be the first to review "Family Reunion Vinyl Banner - Magenta" [Cancel
reply](/product/copy-of-custom-family-reunion-banner-magenta-sp5971/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Your rating Rate… Perfect Good Average Not that bad Very poor

Your review *

Upload up to 3 images for your review (GIF, PNG, JPG, JPEG):

Name *

Email *

## Related products

  * [![Bar Mitzvah Vinyl Banner with Blue Design](https://shop.classb.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/8/2019/06/Custom-Bar-Mitzvah-Banner-40662-1-750x219.jpg)

## Bar Mitzvah Vinyl Banner

$89.00 - $119.00 ](https://shop.classb.com/product/custom-bar-mitzvah-banner-
sp6368/)[Customize](https://shop.classb.com/product/custom-bar-mitzvah-banner-
sp6368/)

  * [![custom-high-school-reunion-banner-name-list](https://shop.classb.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/8/2019/06/custom-high-school-reunion-banner-name-list-4-sp6081-750x220.jpg)

## High School Reunion Vinyl Banner - Name List #4

$89.00 - $119.00 ](https://shop.classb.com/product/custom-high-school-reunion-
banner-name-list-4-sp6081/)[Customize](https://shop.classb.com/product/custom-
high-school-reunion-banner-name-list-4-sp6081/)

  * [![High School Reunion Vinyl Banner with Red Listed Classmate Names](https://shop.classb.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/8/2019/06/Custom-High-School-Reunion-Banner-Name-List-3-77525-1-750x220.jpg)

## High School Reunion Vinyl Banner - Name List #3

$89.00 - $119.00 ](https://shop.classb.com/product/custom-high-school-reunion-
banner-name-list-3-sp6080/)[Customize](https://shop.classb.com/product/custom-
high-school-reunion-banner-name-list-3-sp6080/)

  * [![High School Reunion Vinyl Banner with Purple Listed Classmate Names](https://shop.classb.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/8/2019/06/Custom-High-School-Reunion-Banner-Name-List-37852-1-750x220.jpg)

## High School Reunion Vinyl Banner - Name List

$89.00 - $119.00 ](https://shop.classb.com/product/custom-high-school-reunion-
banner-name-list-sp6077/)[Customize](https://shop.classb.com/product/custom-
high-school-reunion-banner-name-list-sp6077/)

### ClassB®

9437 Corporate Lake Drive  
Tampa, FL  
33634

[questions@classb.com](mailto:)

[](https://facebook.com/classb "Facebook")

### Pages

  * [Cart](https://shop.classb.com/cart/)
  * [Checkout](https://shop.classb.com/checkout/)
  * [Customer Reviews](https://shop.classb.com/customer-reviews/)
  * [Frequently Asked Questions](https://shop.classb.com/frequently-asked-questions/)
  * [My account](https://shop.classb.com/my-account/)
  * [Shop](https://shop.classb.com/shop/)

© Shop ClassB®  2022

  * [Products](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/products/)
    * [Ceramic Mugs](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/ceramic-mugs/)
    * [Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/products/vinyl-banners/)
    * [Wedding Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/weddings/wedding-banners/)
    * [Sweet 16 Party Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/sweet-16-party/sweet-16-party-banners/)
    * [Military Graduation Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/military-support/military-support-banners/)
    * [Business Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/business-banners/)
    * [Event Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/event-banners/)
    * [Quinceañera Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/quinceanera/quinceanera-banner/)
    * [Baby Shower Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/baby-showers/baby-shower-banners/)
    * [Birthday Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/birthday/birthday-banner/)
    * [Graduation Vinyl Banners](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/graduation/graduation-banners/)
    * [Healthcare Graphic Tees](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/medical-field-apparel/medical-field-graphic-tees/)
    * [Custom T-shirts | Screen printing | Digital | Embroidery](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/products/custom-t-shirts/)
  * [Groups](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/)
    * [American Legion](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/american-legion/)
    * [Bar and Bat Mitzvah](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/bar-bat-mitzvah/)
    * [Class Reunion](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/class-reunion/)
    * [Family Reunion](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/family-reunion/)
    * [JROTC](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/jrotc/)
    * [Key Club](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/key-club/)
    * [Kiwanis](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/kiwanis/)
    * [Farm Life Apparel](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/farm-life-apparel/)
    * [Trail Life USA](https://shop.classb.com/product-category/groups/trail-life/)
  * [My Account](https://shop.classb.com/my-account/)

  *[*]: required

