  * [languagelanguages ](/news/indianapolis-returns-as-2020-adventist-general-conference-session-location#)
    * English
    * Español
    * Français
    * Português
  * [About ANN](/about)
    * [Reproduction Requirements](/reproduction-requirements)
    * [Comment Policy](/comment-policy)
    * [Styleguide](/styleguide)
  * [News contact information](/news-contact-information)
    * [Submit a News Story](/submit-a-news-story)
  * searchSearch
  * menuMenu

[](/)

  * [News](/news)
  * [ANN Videos](/videos/ann-english)
  * [ANN InDepth](/videos/ann-indepth)
  * Categories
    * [Business Meetings](/categories/business-meetings)
    * [Commentary](/categories/commentary)
    * [Press Release](/categories/press-release)
  * [Live](http://live.adventist.org)

SubmitClear search

  * [News](/news)
  * [ANN Videos](/videos/ann-english)
  * [ANN InDepth](/videos/ann-indepth)
  * Categories
    * [Business Meetings](/categories/business-meetings)
    * [Commentary](/categories/commentary)
    * [Press Release](/categories/press-release)
  * [Live](http://live.adventist.org)

  * [languagelanguages ](/news/indianapolis-returns-as-2020-adventist-general-conference-session-location#)
    * English
    * Español
    * Français
    * Português
  * [About ANN](/about)
    * [Reproduction Requirements](/reproduction-requirements)
    * [Comment Policy](/comment-policy)
    * [Styleguide](/styleguide)
  * [News contact information](/news-contact-information)
    * [Submit a News Story](/submit-a-news-story)

Seventh Day Adventist Logo

ANN and Adventist.news are the official news channels of the Seventh-day
Adventist church.

Seventh-day Adventists are devoted to helping people understand the Bible to
find freedom, healing, and hope in Jesus.

### Learn More:

[Adventist.org](https://adventist.org)[Adventist
Mission](https://www.adventistmission.org)[ADRA](https://www.adra.org)[Adventist
World Radio](https://awr.org)[Hope Channel](https://hopetv.org)

![](https://cdn.adventistcontent.org/images/5df200974469ba078555eb4c/1576e735880da1d047326f64a43c8bcab79b9216/x350/MSS1582551360705.jpg)

#### General Conference

# Indianapolis Returns as 2020 Adventist General Conference Session Location

Thirty years after last hosting, Indiana's capital celebrates 'quality'
convention

Silver Spring, Maryland, United States | Mark A. Kellner, Adventist Review

October 12, 2011

Thirty years after its last stint at hosting a Seventh-day Adventist Church
world business session, Indianapolis, capital of the state of Indiana, will
welcome the 61st General Conference Session in 2020. The Lucas Oil Stadium,
home of the Indianapolis Colts football team, and the Indianapolis Convention
Center, will host the event.

"It's important to have groups that are quality people come into
Indianapolis," declared Leonard Hoops, president and chief executive of the
Indianapolis Convention and Visitors Association. He led a delegation of
Hoosiers, as the state's people are known, in making an earnest presentation
before delegates to the 2011 Annual Council at the movement's Silver Spring,
Maryland, headquarters.

Hoops, a Presbyterian, was born in Trinidad and said he has Seventh-day
Adventist relatives, including an aunt who is a church member. "I know enough
about Adventists to be dangerous," he quipped.

The convention is expected to bring approximately $45 million in revenue to
Indianapolis, a 372 square-mile city with a 2011 metro area population of 1.7
million. It is the 34th largest metropolitan area in the United States,
according to the federal Office of Management and Budget.

A similar team from Atlanta, Georgia, site of the 2010 GC Session, also
presented and asked for delegates for a repeat visit.

After world sessions in Utrecht, Netherlands (1995) and Toronto, Canada
(2000), the last two General Conference sessions have been in the United
States -- St. Louis (2005) and Atlanta (2010). The 2015 General Conference
Session will also be in the U.S., in San Antonio, Texas, July 2-11. According
to Sherri Clemmer, the world church's top meeting planner, several factors
come into play in recommending that the 2020 General Conference session again
be held in a U.S. city.

![Members of the Indianapolis Convention and Visitors Bureau celebrate after
being selected by the Adventist Church's Executive Committee to be hosts of
the 2020 General Conference Session. Their signs read ]()

Members of the Indianapolis Convention and Visitors Bureau celebrate after
being selected by the Adventist Church's Executive Committee to be hosts of
the 2020 General Conference Session. Their signs read

To have a successful GC Session, she said, it's important to have a stadium
staff that is fluent in English; a location where food safety can be assured;
a nearby airport large enough to handle delegate travel; hotels close to the
convention venue, and an enclosed stadium with seating for 70,000 adjacent to
a convention center. Very few venues can meet all those requirements, Clemmer
said, and they tend to be in the United States.

The session, held once every five years, is expected to draw as many as
100,000 people on the peak convention days, as well as approximately 3,500
voting delegates, their family members, church employees and others during the
event, in which world leaders of the Seventh-day Adventist Church are elected
and policies are decided.

A "Parade of Nations," in which Adventists march in national costume, carrying
their country's flags, is seen as a highlight of the meetings. These meetings
also usually feature service projects in the local community, cultural and
musical events for the public, as well as outreach programs offering
educational services on health and other matters.

Combining business with a general celebration of Adventism, the 2020
convention will have both official business meetings and exhibits for
Adventists and those interested in the church. It is anticipated that the
convention will also operate, for the 11-day duration, as the largest
vegetarian restaurant in North America, feeding tens of thousands of meat-free
meals.

Adventist Pastor Van Hurst, president of the Indiana Conference, was on stage
with the convention bureau staff, holding one of a number of multi-lingual
placards asking for a "Return to Indiana." Hurst, who said he is excited about
the Session's return, prefaced the Indianapolis presentation with a prayer.

For Hoops, divine intervention may well have been a factor: "We have tried for
the Session in 2005, 2010 and 2015 - this is the first time we've got it."
Indeed, the "Circle City," as Indianapolis is also known, was a losing
finalist for the 2015 selection, which was made at the 2006 Annual Council.

arrow-bracket-right **Comments** contact

ANN and Adventist.news are the official news channels of the Seventh-day
Adventist church.

[ **Twitter**](https://twitter.com/adventistnews)[
**Facebook**](https://www.facebook.com/AdventistNews)[
**Youtube**](https://www.youtube.com/user/AdventistNewsNetwork)[
**Vimeo**](https://vimeo.com/adventistnewsnetwork)[ **Adventist Media
Exchange**](https://media.adventistexchange.org)[ **E-mail**](/cdn-
cgi/l/email-
protection#d9b8bdafbcb7adb0aaadb7bcaeaa99bebaf7b8bdafbcb7adb0aaadf7b6abbe)

[ legalFeeds](/feeds)[legalTraining](/training)[legalTrademark and Logo
Usage](https://www.adventist.org/trademark-and-logo-usage/)[legalLegal
Notice](https://www.adventist.org/legal-notice/)[legalPrivacy
Policy](https://privacy.adventist.org)legalCookie Settings

logo-round

Copyright ©2022, General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists

12501 Old Columbia Pike, 20904 Silver Spring, MD USA
[301-680-6000](tel:301-680-6000)

Seventh Day Adventist Logo

Seventh Day Adventist Logo

