Skip navigation[Healthgrades](/)

Healthgrades[Find a doctor ](/find-a-doctor) Back[ **Find a Doctor**](/find-a-
doctor)

 **Find doctors by specialty**

  * [Family Medicine](/usearch?what=Family%20Medicine)
  * [Internal Medicine](/usearch?what=Internal%20Medicine)
  * [Obstetrics & Gynecology](/usearch?what=Obstetrics%20%26%20Gynecology)
  * [Dentistry](/usearch?what=Dentistry)
  * [Orthopedic Surgery](/usearch?what=Orthopedic%20Surgery)
  * [See All Specialties](/specialty-directory)

 **Find doctors by condition**

  * [Fibromyalgia](/usearch?what=Fibromyalgia)
  * [Anxiety](/usearch?what=Anxiety)
  * [ADHD](/usearch?what=Attention%20Deficit%20Hyperactivity%20Disorder%20\(ADHD\)&entityCode=1673&searchType=Condition)
  * [Sleep Apnea](/usearch?what=Sleep%20Apnea)
  * [Migraine](/usearch?what=Migraine)

 **Find doctors by procedure**

  * [Pain Management](/usearch?what=Pain%20Management)
  * [Orthopedic Spine Surgery](/usearch?what=Orthopedic%20Spine%20Surgery)
  * [Marriage Counseling](/usearch?what=Marriage%20Counseling)
  * [Hernia Repair](/usearch?what=Hernia%20Repair)
  * [Colonoscopy](/usearch?what=Colonoscopy)

 **Review your doctor**[ Help Millions of people find the right doctor and
care they need](/doctor-reviews) ** **NEW!** Telehealth Resource Center**[Get
immediate care and visit with providers from the comfort of your home, or
anywhere](/telehealth)

[Find a hospital ](/find-a-hospital) Back[ **Find a Hospital**](/find-a-
hospital)

 **Top hospitals nearby**

  * [See All](/usearch?category=Facility)

 **Top hospitals by specialty**

  * [Appendectomy](/usearch?category=Facility&FacilityRating=Appendectomy%7CAPP)
  * [Back and Neck Surgery (Except Spinal Fusion)](/usearch?category=Facility&FacilityRating=Back%20and%20Neck%20Surgeries%20\(without%20Spinal%20Fusion\)%7CBAK)
  * [Bariatric Surgery](/usearch?category=Facility&FacilityRating=Bariatric%20Surgery%7CBAR)
  * [Carotid Surgery](/usearch?category=Facility&FacilityRating=Carotid%20Surgery%7CCAR)
  * [See All](/usearch?category=Facility)

 **Hospital Awards & Ratings**

  * [America’s Best Hospitals](/quality/americas-best-hospitals)
  * [Specialty Excellence](/quality/specialty-excellence-americas-best-care)
  * [Patient Safety Excellence](/quality/patient-safety-excellence-award)
  * [Outstanding Patient Experience](/quality/outstanding-patient-experience-award)
  * [Women’s Care](/quality/womens-care-excellence-awards)
  * [See All](/quality/hospital-ratings-awards)

 **Urgent care**[ Urgent care centers can be faster and cheaper for situations
that are not life threatening](/urgent-care-directory)

[Health A to Z ](/right-care/health-content-a-z) Back[ **Health A to
Z**](/right-care/health-content-a-z)

 **Learn about conditions**

  * [Back Pain](/right-care/back-pain/)
  * [Cancer](/right-care/cancer/)
  * [Diabetes](/right-care/diabetes/)
  * [High Blood Pressure](/right-care/high-blood-pressure/)
  * [Skin Conditions](/right-care/skin-hair-and-nails/)
  * [See All Conditions](/conditions/)

 **Learn about procedures**

  * [Angioplasty](/right-care/angioplasty/)
  * [Cataract Surgery](/right-care/cataract-surgery/)
  * [Knee Replacement](/right-care/knee-replacement/)
  * [Mohs Surgery](/right-care/mohs-surgery/)
  * [Shoulder Surgery](/right-care/shoulder-surgery/)
  * [See All Procedures](/procedures/)

 **Appointment guides**

  * [Asthma](/right-care/asthma/asthma-appointment-guide)
  * [COPD](/right-care/copd/copd-appointment-guide)
  * [Depression](/right-care/depression/depression-appointment-guide)
  * [Psoriasis](/right-care/psoriasis/psoriasis-appointment-guide)
  * [Rheumatoid Arthritis](/right-care/rheumatoid-arthritis/rheumatoid-arthritis-appointment-guide)
  * [See All Appointment Guides](/right-care/appointment-guides)

 **Trending videos**[ Doctors and patients discuss the latest medical
treatments and health tips](/video) **Drugs A-Z**[ Search prescription drugs
for why they’re used, side effects and more](/drugs)

[Log In](/account)

  1. [Urologists](/urology-directory)
  2. [IN](/urology-directory/in-indiana)
  3. [Fort Wayne, IN](/urology-directory/in-indiana/fort-wayne)
  4. Dr. Satish Velagapudi, MD

# Dr. Satish Velagapudi, MD

Urology•Male•Age 63

## Urology

4.6 (22 ratings)

Fort Wayne, IN

Dr. Satish Velagapudi, MD is a Urology Specialist in Fort Wayne, IN and has
over 36 years of experience in the medical field. Dr. Velagapudi has extensive
experience in Urinary Conditions. He graduated from University Of Pennsylvania
School Of Medicine in 1986. He is affiliated with medical facilities such as
Dupont Hospital and Parkview Huntington Hospital. His office accepts new
patients and telehealth appointments.

4.6 (22 ratings)Leave a review

![Dr. Satish Velagapudi,
MD](//photos.healthgrades.com/img/silhouettes/silhouette-male_w90h120_v1.jpg)

Parkview Physicians Group - Urology

11141 Parkview Plaza Dr Ste 320 Fort Wayne, IN 46845

Accepting new patients

Urinary Conditions, and More

Telehealth services available

Make an Appointment

[(260) 482-8681](tel:\(260\)482-8681)

ShareSave

Telehealth services available

Accepting new patients

[(260) 482-8681](tel:\(260\)482-8681)

OverviewInsuranceRatings22About MeLocationsHospitals

Close

### Healthgrades Provider Compare™

Quickly compare more Urology Specialists in your area

[Providers within 25
miles](/usearch?&what=Urology&searchType=PracticingSpeciality&entityCode=PS962&where=Fort%20Wayne,%20IN&pt=41.18599,-85.09845&distances=25)[Providers
with 4+ star
ratings](/usearch?&what=Urology&searchType=PracticingSpeciality&entityCode=PS962&where=Fort%20Wayne,%20IN&pt=41.18599,-85.09845&rating=4)Search
by Insurance[View all
Urology](/usearch?&what=Urology&searchType=PracticingSpeciality&entityCode=PS962&where=Fort%20Wayne,%20IN&pt=41.18599,-85.09845)

### At a Glance

  *  **Explains Conditions Well**

Patients said this doctor explains conditions well. • See reviews

  *  **Offers Telehealth**

This provider offers telehealth appointments. Call the office to schedule an
appointment.

  * **Practices at Top Hospital**

America’s 100 Best Hospitals for Prostate Surgery Award™ • See hospitals

## Experience and Background Checks

Experience

Background

### Background Check

Healthgrades does not collect malpractice claims information for Indiana

No disciplinary actions found for the years we collect data

No board actions found for the years we collect data

Learn more about background checks

### Frequently Treated by Dr. Velagapudi

Based on treatment records, we have identified the following as areas of care
that Dr. Velagapudi treats more often than their peers. If you are unsure
whether Dr. Velagapudi treats other conditions, please contact the office at
[(260) 482-8681](tel:\(260\)482-8681).

#### Urinary Conditions

[Compare with other Urinary Conditions
specialists.](/usearch?&what=Urology&searchType=PracticingSpeciality&entityCode=PS962&where=Fort%20Wayne,%20IN&pt=41.18599,
-85.09845&cfid=PS962/30304643-3030-3630-3334-000000000000)

Dr. Velagapudi is experienced in the area of Urinary Conditions. See the graph
below to learn more about his experience.

Based on claims data for 12 conditions and procedures

Treatments

Dr. Velagapudi

Similar Providers

Enlarged Prostate (BPH)

Painful Urination (Dysuria)

Urinary Tract Infection (UTI)

Urinary Incontinence

Normal  
Frequency

High  
Frequency

Very High  
Frequency

View more treatments

Check Dr. Velagapudi's experience treating your condition or procedure

Dr. Velagapudi's conditions and procedures:

  * Atrophic Vaginitis
  * Balanitis
  * Balanoposthitis
  * Bladder Cancer
  * Bladder Diseases
  * Bladder Diverticulum
  * Bladder Infection
  * Bladder Stones
  * Blood in Semen (Hematospermia)
  * Blood in Urine (Hematuria)
  * Bowenoid Papulosis
  * Chordee
  * Chronic Kidney Diseases
  * Chronic Prostatitis
  * Congenital Obstruction of Ureteropelvic Junction
  * Destruction of Penile Lesion
  * Elevated PSA (Prostate Specific Antigen)
  * End-Stage Renal Disease
  * Enlarged Prostate (BPH)
  * Epididymitis
  * Erectile Dysfunction
  * Exstrophy of Bladder
  * Genitourinary Tract Infections in Pregnancy
  * Gonorrhea Infections
  * Hydrocele
  * Hydronephrosis
  * Hypogonadism
  * Incontinence
  * Interstitial Cystitis
  * Kidney Cancer
  * Kidney Infection
  * Kidney Infection, Acute
  * Kidney Infection, Chronic
  * Kidney Stone Pain (Renal Colic)
  * Kidney Stones
  * Male Infertility
  * Neurogenic Bladder
  * Nighttime Urination (Nocturia)
  * Orchitis
  * Overactive Bladder
  * Painful Urination (Dysuria)
  * Pelvic Abscess
  * Penile Cancer
  * Percutaneous Destruction of Kidney Lesion
  * Peyronie's Disease
  * Phimosis
  * Polyuria
  * Prostate Cancer
  * Prostate Cyst
  * Prostate Diseases
  * Prostate Procedures
  * Prostatic Abscess
  * Prostatitis
  * Restless Leg Syndrome
  * Sexually Transmitted Diseases (STDs)
  * Spermatocele
  * Testicular Atrophy 
  * Testicular Cancer
  * Testicular Dysfunction
  * Traumatic Acute Kidney Injury 
  * Ureteral Stones
  * Ureteral Stricture or Kinking 
  * Ureterscopies
  * Urethral Stones
  * Urethral Stricture
  * Urinary Hesitancy
  * Urinary Incontinence
  * Urinary Stones
  * Urinary Tract Infection (UTI)
  * Vaginal and Pelvic Prolapse
  * Vaginitis and-or Vaginosis
  * Varicocele
  * Vesicoureteral Reflux
  * Yeast Infections

## Insurance Check

Search for your insurance provider

Dr. Velagapudi accepts

Accepted insurance can change. Please double-check when making an appointment.

[(260) 482-8681](tel:2604828681 "Call: \(260\) 482-8681")

Dr. Velagapudi accepts the following insurance:

Aetna

    Choice Plus POS II

Anthem

    Balanced Blue Access-IN PPO
    Blue Access-IN
    Blue Preferred --IN HMO
    Blue Preferred --IN POS
    Blue Preferred Plus-IN POS
    Blue Preferred-IN HMO
    Blue Traditional-IN
    Bronze Blue Access-IN PPO
    Bronze Blue Access-IN PPO Plus
    Catastrophic Pathway-IN
    Gold Blue Access-IN PPO
    Gold Blue Access-IN PPO Plus
    HealthSync Options-IN POS
    Healthy Indiana Plan PPO
    Lumenos Plans-IN
    National (BlueCard Basic) PPO
    National (BlueCard) PPO
    Pathway-IN HMO-POS
    Platinum Blue Access-IN PPO
    Silver Blue Access-IN PPO
    Silver Blue Access-IN PPO Plus
    The Christ Hospital Health Network (TCHHN)-IN

Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield

    Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield HMO
    Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield PPO
    Blue Access Choice PPO
    Blue Preferred HMO
    Blue Preferred Plus POS

Assurant Health

Blue Cross Blue Shield

    Blue Card PPO

CareFirst Blue Cross Blue Shield

    HealthyBlue 2.0
    HealthyBlue Advantage

Centene

Cigna

    Cigna HMO
    Cigna PPO
    Open Access
    Open Access Plus

First Health (Coventry Health Care)

    First Health (Coventry Health Care) PPO

Humana

    Choice Care PPO

Medicaid

Sagamore Health Network

    Sagamore Plus

UnitedHealthCare

    Choice Plus POS
    Options PPO
    United Healthcare

WellPoint

Worker's Compensation

    Worker's Compensation WC

## Dr. Velagapudi's Reviews

### Likelihood to recommend Dr. Velagapudi

 **4.6**

Based on 22 ratings

5 Stars|

86.36363636363636%

| (19)  
---|---|---  
4 Stars|

0%

| (0)  
3 Stars|

9.090909090909092%

| (2)  
2 Stars|

0%

| (0)  
1 Star|

4.545454545454546%

| (1)  
  
What went well

No reviews yet

What could be improved

No reviews yet

### Your trust is our top concern.

### We strive to keep the reviews trustworthy, honest & fair.

We monitor all reviews to ensure they comply with our guidelines and don’t
include personal information, profanity, libel, defamation, harassment,
obscenity or fraud.

All reviews are confirmed and audited before publication, and community
members have the ability to flag inappropriate content for further review by
our team.

Doctors can not pay for good reviews, nor can they pay to have negative
reviews removed.

Any reviews that are deemed fraudulent or violate our
[guidelines](https://www.healthgrades.com/content/community-review-guidelines)
will be removed immediately.

RecentHighestLowestMost Helpful

Reply Flag

I have never met a more kind Dr. EVER. He is amazing. He is extremely
respectful and thorough. I would recommend him highly.

What went well

  * Appointment scheduling
  * Office environment
  * Staff friendliness
  * Wait times
  * Appointment wasn't rushed
  * Listened & answered questions
  * Explained conditions well
  * Trusted the provider's decisions

What could be improved

No results

Fewer Details

Helpful

candy smith – Sep 22, 2021

×Post a ResponseAre you Dr. Satish Velagapudi, MD?

Yes

No

Reply Flag

I think that Dr. Velagapudi did the Bladder surgery on my Mom at age 83 30
years ago in Buffalo,N.Y. at Roswell Hospital It was such a great surgery that
he actually extended her life for almost 20 years. Now my sister had developed
Bladder cancer and I wish he was still in Buffalo. Just to check---My mothers
name is/was Mary Laskowski. He installed a bag for her Urine. God Bless him
and I can hope That this is the right Doctor. I surely cannot forget his name
Please reply if you are actually the same doctor.

Fewer Details

Helpful

James Laskowski – Apr 17, 2021

×Post a ResponseAre you Dr. Satish Velagapudi, MD?

Yes

No

Reply Flag

My primary care Doctor recommended Dr. Velagapudi because of urinary problems.
To make a long story short I ended up having a TERP operation performed by Dr.
V. He is an excellent surgeon and communicator. I experience zero pain from
the operation and the operation was very successful. He took the time to
answer all my questions and I came in with a list. I just don't think you
could find a better Doctor/Surgeon. He returned my quality of life.

What went well

  * Appointment scheduling
  * Office environment
  * Staff friendliness
  * Wait times
  * Appointment wasn't rushed
  * Listened & answered questions
  * Explained conditions well
  * Trusted the provider's decisions

What could be improved

No results

Fewer Details

2 people found this helpful

Helpful

Michael in Kendallville, Indiana – Apr 24, 2018

×Post a ResponseAre you Dr. Satish Velagapudi, MD?

Yes

No

Reply Flag

Dr. Velagapudi has doctored my sister, mother-in-law, son, husband, nephew and
me. In each interaction with him, he gives sufficient information to make
informed choices. He encourages questions, and wants you to understand what is
happening. He is positive, encouraging, patient and very kind. His staff is
equally great.

What went well

  * Appointment scheduling
  * Office environment
  * Staff friendliness
  * Wait times
  * Appointment wasn't rushed
  * Listened & answered questions
  * Explained conditions well
  * Trusted the provider's decisions

What could be improved

No results

Fewer Details

2 people found this helpful

Helpful

Mary in Ft Wayne, IN – Jul 12, 2017

×Post a ResponseAre you Dr. Satish Velagapudi, MD?

Yes

No

Reply Flag

Dr Velagapudi is my husbands doctor and we love him. He has been caring for my
husband for over 4 years. He discusses things with you and never leaves you
guessing or wondering what's going to happen or what is going to take place.
He even looked up Tony's CT Scan and went over that with us, SINCE HIS MEDICAL
DOCTOR never went over it with us. He is sooo good. Thank you Doctor

What went well

  * Appointment scheduling
  * Office environment
  * Staff friendliness
  * Wait times
  * Appointment wasn't rushed
  * Listened & answered questions
  * Explained conditions well
  * Trusted the provider's decisions

What could be improved

No results

Fewer Details

2 people found this helpful

Helpful

Charlotte in Larwill – Dec 02, 2016

×Post a ResponseAre you Dr. Satish Velagapudi, MD?

Yes

No

Reply Flag

THIS DOCTOR IS THE MOST CAREING DOCTOR I HAVE EVER MET THERE IS NO WAY YOU
COULD GO WRONG UNDER HIS CARE

What went well

  * Appointment scheduling
  * Office environment
  * Staff friendliness
  * Appointment wasn't rushed
  * Listened & answered questions
  * Explained conditions well
  * Trusted the provider's decisions

What could be improved

No results

Fewer Details

3 people found this helpful

Helpful

KEN ZUVER in WEST UNITY OHIO – Feb 26, 2016

×Post a ResponseAre you Dr. Satish Velagapudi, MD?

Yes

No

Reply Flag

Dr. Velagapudi is patient and very understanding and offers great advice and
follow up.

What went well

  * Appointment scheduling
  * Office environment
  * Staff friendliness
  * Wait times
  * Appointment wasn't rushed
  * Listened & answered questions
  * Explained conditions well
  * Trusted the provider's decisions

What could be improved

No results

Fewer Details

3 people found this helpful

Helpful

urology patient in Ft Wayne, IN – Jan 16, 2016

×Post a ResponseAre you Dr. Satish Velagapudi, MD?

Yes

No

### Leave a review

How was your experience with Dr. Velagapudi?

Continue

### Is this your profile?

Respond to reviews, add information, and reach more patients. Claiming is free
and only takes a minute.

[Claim your
profile](https://update.healthgrades.com/landing/claim?pwid=33W5H&pCID=hg_ProvProfile)

### Overall Patient Satisfaction

22responses

Likelihood of recommending Dr. Velagapudi to family and friends is 4.6363635
out of 5

## About Me

### Care Philosophy

Satish Velagapudi, M.D., joined Fort Wayne Urology in January 2004. Dr.
Velagapudi was born in Bangor, Maine. He received his medical degree and
completed...Read more

### Specialties

  * Urology

### Board Certifications

  * Urology

Learn why a board certification matters

### Education

Mayo Medical School

Fellowship Hospital

1992

University Of Pa Health System

Residency Hospital

1986

University of Pennsylvania

Internship Hospital

1986

University Of Pennsylvania School Of Medicine

Medical School

1981

New York University

Undergraduate School

,

### Awards

  * Healthgrades Honor Roll

Learn more about recognized doctors

### Frequently Asked Questions

Does Dr. Satish Velagapudi, MD offer telehealth services?

[Dr. Velagapudi has indicated that they offer
telehealth.](https://www.healthgrades.com/physician/dr-satish-
velagapudi-33w5h?cid=faq-telehealth) Contact the office to check for
eligibility for your needs.

Is Dr. Satish Velagapudi, MD accepting new patients?

Dr. Satish Velagapudi, MD generally accepts new patients on Healthgrades. [You
can see Dr. Velagapudi's profile to make an
appointment.](https://www.healthgrades.com/physician/dr-satish-
velagapudi-33w5h?cid=faq-newpatients)

Does Dr. Satish Velagapudi, MD accept my insurance?

[Use the Healthgrades insurance
check](https://www.healthgrades.com/physician/dr-satish-
velagapudi-33w5h?cid=faq-insurance#insurance-check) to verify if Dr.
Velagapudi accepts your insurance.

What are Dr. Satish Velagapudi, MD's top areas of care?

Dr. Velagapudi frequently treats Urinary Conditions. [See all practice areas
where Dr. Velagapudi specializes.](https://www.healthgrades.com/physician/dr-
satish-velagapudi-33w5h?cid=faq-areasofcare#practice-areas)

Where is Dr. Satish Velagapudi, MD's office located?

Dr. Velagapudi's office is located at 11141 Parkview Plaza Dr Ste 320, Fort
Wayne, IN 46845. [Find other locations and directions on
Healthgrades.](https://www.healthgrades.com/physician/dr-satish-
velagapudi-33w5h?cid=faq-location#premium-visit-section)

How can I make an appointment with Dr. Satish Velagapudi, MD?

Find contact information [here](https://www.healthgrades.com/physician/dr-
satish-velagapudi-33w5h?cid=faq-appoint) to make an appointment.

## Locations

### Parkview Physicians Group - Urology

[Parkview Physicians Group Colong and Rectal Surgery](/group-directory/in-
indiana/fort-wayne/parkview-physicians-group-urology-xbkly40e)11141 Parkview
Plaza Dr Ste 320 Fort Wayne, IN 46845

1

  * Call
  * [Directions](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/?api=1&destination=11141+Parkview+Plaza+Dr+Ste+320,+Fort+Wayne,+IN+46845)

  * [Call](tel:\(260\) 482-8681)
  * [Fax](fax:)
  * Directions

Suggest an edit

### Parkview Physicians Group - Urology

[Fort Wayne Urology Inc.](/group-directory/in-indiana/fort-wayne/parkview-
physicians-group-urology-x9sj8l)1818 Carew St Ste 210 Fort Wayne, IN 46805

2

  * Call
  * Fax
  * [Directions](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/?api=1&destination=1818+Carew+St+Ste+210,+Fort+Wayne,+IN+46805)

  * [Call](tel:\(260\) 482-8681)
  * [Fax](fax:\(260\) 266-9240)
  * Directions

Suggest an edit

## Affiliated Hospitals

Dr. Velagapudi is affiliated with the following hospitals. Select a hospital
below to learn more.

Learn more about how Healthgrades measuresHospital Quality.

### [Dupont Hospital](/hospital-directory/indiana-in/dupont-hospital-
hgstad7077f5150150)

Fort Wayne, IN

 **76 %** Patients that would definitely recommend, 6% higher than the
national average

### [Parkview Huntington Hospital](/hospital-directory/indiana-in/parkview-
huntington-hospital-hgst75444176150091)

Huntington, IN

 **76 %** Patients that would definitely recommend, 6% higher than the
national average

### [Parkview Regional Medical Center](/hospital-directory/indiana-
in/parkview-regional-medical-center-hgst31444176150021)

Fort Wayne, IN

 **79 %** Patients that would definitely recommend, 9% higher than the
national average

23 Awards Received

Award Highlight: Prostate Surgery Excellence Award™ (2022)

### [Parkview Whitley Hospital](/hospital-directory/indiana-in/parkview-
whitley-hospital-hgst16444176150101)

Columbia City, IN

 **75 %** Patients that would definitely recommend, 5% higher than the
national average

### Compare Providers

Providers chosen based on Dr. Velagapudi's location and specialty. [Click
here](/urology-directory/in-indiana/fort-wayne) to refine your results.

[](/physician/dr-adam-thomas-ybrwt)

[Dr. Adam Thomas, MD

](/physician/dr-adam-thomas-ybrwt)

[](/physician/dr-adam-thomas-ybrwt)[52 Ratings](/physician/dr-adam-thomas-
ybrwt)

[Learn more about Dr. Adam Thomas, MD](/physician/dr-adam-thomas-ybrwt)

[](/physician/dr-george-martin-32dw5)

[Dr. George Martin, MD

](/physician/dr-george-martin-32dw5)

[](/physician/dr-george-martin-32dw5)[58 Ratings](/physician/dr-george-
martin-32dw5)

[Learn more about Dr. George Martin, MD](/physician/dr-george-martin-32dw5)

[](/physician/dr-christopher-king-gcxsk)

[Dr. Christopher King, MD

](/physician/dr-christopher-king-gcxsk)

[](/physician/dr-christopher-king-gcxsk)[50 Ratings](/physician/dr-
christopher-king-gcxsk)

[Learn more about Dr. Christopher King, MD](/physician/dr-christopher-king-
gcxsk)

[](/physician/dr-mark-dabagia-2g557)

[Dr. Mark Dabagia, MD

](/physician/dr-mark-dabagia-2g557)

[](/physician/dr-mark-dabagia-2g557)[40 Ratings](/physician/dr-mark-
dabagia-2g557)

[Learn more about Dr. Mark Dabagia, MD](/physician/dr-mark-dabagia-2g557)

[](/physician/dr-john-brinkman-xdh6g)

[Dr. John Brinkman, MD

](/physician/dr-john-brinkman-xdh6g)

[](/physician/dr-john-brinkman-xdh6g)[55 Ratings](/physician/dr-john-brinkman-
xdh6g)

[Learn more about Dr. John Brinkman, MD](/physician/dr-john-brinkman-xdh6g)

[](/physician/dr-david-pollifrone-2j2tj)

[Dr. David Pollifrone, MD

](/physician/dr-david-pollifrone-2j2tj)

[](/physician/dr-david-pollifrone-2j2tj)[81 Ratings](/physician/dr-david-
pollifrone-2j2tj)

[Learn more about Dr. David Pollifrone, MD](/physician/dr-david-
pollifrone-2j2tj)

Show more providers

**For Patients **

  * [Account Sign Up / Log In](https://www.healthgrades.com/account)
  * [Hospital Awards & Ratings](https://www.healthgrades.com/quality/hospital-ratings-awards)
  * [Finding Quality Care](https://www.healthgrades.com/quality)
  * [Drugs A-Z](https://www.healthgrades.com/drugs)
  * [Health Content A-Z](https://www.healthgrades.com/right-care/health-content-a-z)
  * [Video Center](https://www.healthgrades.com/video)
  * [Telehealth](https://www.healthgrades.com/telehealth)

 **For Providers **

  * [Provider Log In](https://update.healthgrades.com/account/sign-in/?pCID=hg-home-footer-provider-login)
  * [Promote Your Practice](https://partners.healthgrades.com/elective-provider/)
  * [Claim Your Free Profile](https://update.healthgrades.com/landing/claim/?pCID=hg-home-footer-claim-profile)
  * [News and Features](https://www.healthgrades.com/pro/)
  * [Help Center](https://helpcenter.healthgrades.com/help?utm_source=hg-com&amp;utm_medium=corporate-footer&amp;utm_campaign=for-providers-help-center)

 **For Partners **

  * [Healthgrades for Health Systems](https://b2b.healthgrades.com/solutions/health-systems/)
  * [Promote Quality Achievements](https://b2b.healthgrades.com/solutions/health-systems/quality-solutions/)
  * [Life Sciences Advertisers](https://b2b.healthgrades.com/solutions/life-sciences/)
  * [Virtual Point of Care Solutions](https://writemd.com/)
  * [Advertising & Use Guidelines](https://www.healthgrades.com/quality/healthgrades-advertising-guidelines)

 **Our Company **

  * [Contact Us](https://www.healthgrades.com/help-start)
  * [About Us](https://www.healthgrades.com/about)
  * [Corporate](https://www.healthgrades.com/corporate)
  * [Healthgrades FAQ](https://www.healthgrades.com/content/faqs)
  * [Blog](https://www.healthgrades.com/blog/)
  * [Press Room](https://www.healthgrades.com/about/press-room/)
  * [Careers](https://healthgrades.careers/)
  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.healthgrades.com/content/privacy-policy)

 **Find Care**

  * [All Specialties](https://www.healthgrades.com/specialty-directory)
  * [Cardiologists](https://www.healthgrades.com/cardiology-directory)
  * [Chiropractors](https://www.healthgrades.com/chiropractic-directory)
  * [Clinical Psychologists](https://www.healthgrades.com/clinical-psychology-directory)
  * [Counselors](https://www.healthgrades.com/counseling-directory)
  * [Dentists](https://www.healthgrades.com/dentistry-general-directory)
  * [Dermatologist](https://www.healthgrades.com/dermatology-directory)
  * [Ear, Nose & Throat](https://www.healthgrades.com/otolaryngology-directory)
  * [Endocrinologists](https://www.healthgrades.com/diabetes-metabolism-endocrinology-directory)
  * [Family Practitioners](https://www.healthgrades.com/family-practice-directory)
  * [Gastroenterologists](https://www.healthgrades.com/gastroenterology-directory)
  * [General Surgeons](https://www.healthgrades.com/surgery-general-directory)
  * [Geriatricians](https://www.healthgrades.com/geriatric-medicine-directory)
  * [Gynecologists & Obstetricians](https://www.healthgrades.com/obstetrics-gynecology-directory)
  * [Hematologists](https://www.healthgrades.com/hematology-directory)
  * [Internists](https://www.healthgrades.com/internal-medicine-directory)
  * [Nephrologists](https://www.healthgrades.com/nephrology-directory)
  * [Neurologists](https://www.healthgrades.com/neurology-directory)
  * [Neurosurgeons](https://www.healthgrades.com/neurosurgery-directory)
  * [Ophthalmologists](https://www.healthgrades.com/ophthalmology-directory)
  * [Orthopedic Surgeons](https://www.healthgrades.com/orthopedic-surgery-directory)
  * [Pain Medicine](https://www.healthgrades.com/pain-medicine-directory)
  * [Pediatricians](https://www.healthgrades.com/pediatrics-directory)
  * [Plastic Surgeons](https://www.healthgrades.com/plastic-surgery-directory)
  * [Psychiatrists](https://www.healthgrades.com/psychiatry-directory)
  * [Psychologists](https://www.healthgrades.com/psychology-directory)
  * [Rheumatologists](https://www.healthgrades.com/rheumatology-directory)
  * [Sports Medicine](https://www.healthgrades.com/sports-medicine-directory)
  * [Urologists](https://www.healthgrades.com/urology-directory)
  * [Doctor / Providers](https://www.healthgrades.com/find-a-doctor)
  * [Group Practice](https://www.healthgrades.com/group-directory)
  * [Hospital](https://www.healthgrades.com/hospital-directory)
  * [Pharmacy](https://www.healthgrades.com/pharmacy-directory)
  * [Urgent Care](https://www.healthgrades.com/urgent-care)
  * [Affiliated Physicians](https://www.healthgrades.com/affiliated-physicians/a-1)
  * [Affiliated Hospitals](https://www.healthgrades.com/affiliated-hospitals/results)

 **Healthy Living Newsletter**

Sign me up!

Your privacy is important to us. Submission of this form is subject to
Healthgrades [User Agreement](https://www.healthgrades.com/content/user-
agreement) and [Privacy Policy](https://www.healthgrades.com/content/privacy-
policy)

Healthgrades

[](https://twitter.com/Healthgrades)[](https://www.facebook.com/HealthGradesInc)[](https://www.pinterest.com/healthgrades)[](https://www.instagram.com/healthgrades/)[](https://www.youtube.com/user/HealthgradesInc)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/healthgrades)

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.healthgrades.com/content/privacy-policy)
  * [Advertising Policy](https://www.healthgrades.com/content/advertising-policy)
  * Privacy Preferences Center
  * [Do Not Sell My Personal Information](https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/79ba7c84-ebc2-4740-8d11-bf1cc4501e59/15858a3f-eb3c-4ba2-a766-b92c0102e46a)

© Copyright 2022 Healthgrades Marketplace, LLC, a Red Ventures Company, Patent
US Nos. 7,752,060 and 8,719,052. All Rights Reserved. Third Party materials
included herein protected under copyright law.

Use of this website and any information contained herein is governed by the
[Healthgrades User Agreement](https://www.healthgrades.com/content/user-
agreement). The content on Healthgrades does not provide medical advice.
Always consult a medical provider for diagnosis and treatment.

![](https://sb.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&c2=6035262&c3=&c5=&c6=&c15=&cv=2.0&cj=1&c4=https://www.healthgrades.com/physician/dr-
satish-velagapudi-33w5h/)

