  * [](https://www.facebook.com/Krimcode/ "facebook")
  * [](https://www.instagram.com/krimcode/ "instagram")
  * [](https://youtube.com/krimcode "youtube")
  * [](https://twitter.com/krimcode "twitter")
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/krimcode "linkedin")
  * [](http://cs@krimcode.com "email")

Free Shipping for all Orders

[Login ](https://www.krimcode.com/my-account/) Search [ Wishlist
](https://www.krimcode.com/wishlist/?wishlist-action)

[ ![Krimcode](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/Logo/5385383638.png)![Krimcode](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/Logo/1111111.png) ](https://www.krimcode.com/)

  * [Home](https://www.krimcode.com/)
  * [Backpacks](https://www.krimcode.com/backpacks/)
  * [Duffel Bags](https://www.krimcode.com/duffel-bags/)
  * [Explore](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/)
    * Style
      * [Cool Backpacks](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/cool-backpacks/)
      * [Men’s Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/men-backpack/)
      * [Black backpacks](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/black-backpacks/)
      * [Fashion Backpacks](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/fashion-backpacks/)
    * Work
      * [Laptop Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/laptop-backpack/)
      * [Business Backpacks](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/business-backpacks/)
      * [Business Bag](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/business-bag/)
    * Travel & Study
      * [Travel Bag](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/travel-bag/)
      * [Weekender Bag](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/weekender-bag/)
      * [School Bags](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/school-bags/)
    * Exercise
      * [Gym Bag](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/gym-bag/)
      * [Sports Bag](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/sports-bag/)
      * [Outdoor Backpacks](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/outdoor-backpacks/)
  * [Blog](https://www.krimcode.com/blog/)
  * [Krimcode](https://www.krimcode.com/about/)
    * [About Krimcode](https://www.krimcode.com/about/)
    * [Service](https://www.krimcode.com/service/)
    * [Contact](https://www.krimcode.com/contact/)

[ Cart 0 ](https://www.krimcode.com/cart/ "Cart")

Menu

[ ![Krimcode](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/Logo/5385383638.png)![Krimcode](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/Logo/1111111.png) ](https://www.krimcode.com/)

[ Cart 0 ](https://www.krimcode.com/cart/ "Cart")

# Business Backpacks

[ ![Business Backpacks](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/Krimcode-Business-Formal-KBFB07-1NLGM-
_MG_4902-scaled.jpg) ](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-
formal/modern-2-light-grey)

#### Krimcode Business Formal Backpack

##### Modern 2 Light Grey

In every aspect of life, the business backpack is increasingly displacing the
briefcase. On the other side, we at Krimcode are experts in creating high-
quality business backpacks. Krimcode is a business bag brand for the modern
gentleman that delivers domineering, classy, and complementary accessory
options, unlike any other brand. They can match their style with everyday
dress codes because Krimcode wants every customer to pursue their goals and
attain success.

  * [![](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Business2-2-1-2-600x718.jpg)![](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Business2-2-2-600x718.jpg)](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-formal/modern-2-dark-grey/ "Krimcode Business Formal Backpack")

[Quick View](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-
formal/modern-2-dark-grey/ "Quick View")

## [Krimcode Business Formal
Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-
formal/modern-2-dark-grey/ "Krimcode Business Formal Backpack")

Modern 2 Dark Grey

€99.00

Elevate the modern dress code with the Krimcode Business Formal Backpack in
the clean and refined light grey variation. This stylish formal backpack is
made to stand out in the office with its slick and classic design and eye-
catching colour to give the business look a fashionable boost. The outer
fabric is a water-resistant K-tech fabric crafted with red-tipped SBS zippers
to match. It also features a USB charging port at the side of the bag so you
can power up your devices while on-the-go.

This lifestyle backpack features one main compartment with a laptop and a
tablet holder. It is spacious enough for other business essentials. It also
comes with three exterior pockets with one large outer compartment and two
compartments at each side. The inside of one compartment is lined with a
water-resistant material ideal for storing umbrellas and water bottles. It
also comes with a comfortable airtrax back and straps padding, sunglasses
holder, luggage strap, and strap card pocket.

plus [Shipping Costs]()

[Add to cart](?add-to-cart=16330)

  * [![](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Business2-1-1-2-600x718.jpg)![](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Business2-1-2-600x718.jpg)](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-formal/modern-2-blue/ "Krimcode Business Formal Backpack")

[Quick View](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-
formal/modern-2-blue/ "Quick View")

## [Krimcode Business Formal
Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-
formal/modern-2-blue/ "Krimcode Business Formal Backpack")

Modern 2 Blue

€99.00

Elevate the modern dress code with the Krimcode Business Formal Backpack in
the clean and refined light grey variation. This stylish formal backpack is
made to stand out in the office with its slick and classic design and eye-
catching colour to give the business look a fashionable boost. The outer
fabric is a water-resistant K-tech fabric crafted with red-tipped SBS zippers
to match. It also features a USB charging port at the side of the bag so you
can power up your devices while on-the-go.

This lifestyle backpack features one main compartment with a laptop and a
tablet holder. It is spacious enough for other business essentials. It also
comes with three exterior pockets with one large outer compartment and two
compartments at each side. The inside of one compartment is lined with a
water-resistant material ideal for storing umbrellas and water bottles. It
also comes with a comfortable airtrax back and straps padding, sunglasses
holder, luggage strap, and strap card pocket.

plus [Shipping Costs]()

[Add to cart](?add-to-cart=16328)

  * [![](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Business1-2-1-600x718.jpg)![](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Business1-2-2-600x718.jpg)](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-formal/classic-2-blue/ "Krimcode Business Formal Backpack")

[Quick View](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-
formal/classic-2-blue/ "Quick View")

## [Krimcode Business Formal
Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-
formal/classic-2-blue/ "Krimcode Business Formal Backpack")

Classic 2 Blue

€89.00

Dress to impress with the Krimcode Business Formal Backpack crafted in a tall
structured dark grey variation. With a modern and elegant design to match the
formal dress code, this sophisticated business lifestyle backpack will blend
in perfectly at business gatherings or regular days in the office. It comes
with multiple safety pockets suitable for a laptop and a 15-inch tablet, the
ideal fit for the tech-savvy working professional. It also features a USB
charging port for convenient on-the-go charging.

The model has two separate large compartments for all essentials. While the
first can secure electronic devices, the second contains several pockets for
stationery items such as pens and notepads plus a key holder for convenient
access. One front-side pocket is waterproof from the inside, meant to keep
umbrellas and water bottles. Similarly found in all business backpack models,
this office backpack also features a luggage strap, breathable back padding, a
shoulder strap pocket for valuable items, and a sunglasses holder.

plus [Shipping Costs]()

[Add to cart](?add-to-cart=16326)

  * [![](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Business1-1-1-600x718.jpg)![](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Business1-1-2-600x718.jpg)](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-formal/classic-2-light-grey/ "Krimcode Business Formal Backpack")

[Quick View](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-
formal/classic-2-light-grey/ "Quick View")

## [Krimcode Business Formal
Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-
formal/classic-2-light-grey/ "Krimcode Business Formal Backpack")

Classic 2 Light Grey

€89.00

Dress to impress with the Krimcode Business Formal Backpack crafted in a tall
structured dark grey variation. With a modern and elegant design to match the
formal dress code, this sophisticated business lifestyle backpack will blend
in perfectly at business gatherings or regular days in the office. It comes
with multiple safety pockets suitable for a laptop and a 15-inch tablet, the
ideal fit for the tech-savvy working professional. It also features a USB
charging port for convenient on-the-go charging.

The model has two separate large compartments for all essentials. While the
first can secure electronic devices, the second contains several pockets for
stationery items such as pens and notepads plus a key holder for convenient
access. One front-side pocket is waterproof from the inside, meant to keep
umbrellas and water bottles. Similarly found in all business backpack models,
this office backpack also features a luggage strap, breathable back padding, a
shoulder strap pocket for valuable items, and a sunglasses holder.

plus [Shipping Costs]()

[Add to cart](?add-to-cart=16324)

  * [![formal backpack front](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Krimcode-Business-Formal-Notebook-Backpack-KBFB22-1NDGM-perspective-600x720.jpg)![formal backpack front](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Krimcode-Business-Formal-Notebook-Backpack-KBFB22-1NDGM-Front-600x720.jpg)](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-formal/classic-1-dark-grey/ "Krimcode Business Formal Backpack")

[Quick View](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-
formal/classic-1-dark-grey/ "Quick View")

## [Krimcode Business Formal
Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-
formal/classic-1-dark-grey/ "Krimcode Business Formal Backpack")

Classic 1 Dark Grey

€89.00

Strive for excellence with the Krimcode Business Formal Backpack in the dark
grey variation with the largest volume capacity in the series. Its modern yet
classic look can very well highlight and accentuate the business attire. This
formal office bag is designed to safe-keep all work necessities in an elegant,
well-tailored professional backpack. It also comes with multiple compartments
to keep every essential intact and organised.

This lifestyle backpack features two visible side pockets for water bottles
and umbrellas. There are two convenient outer pockets which give easy access
to items such as wallets and keep them secure. As do all the Krimcode formal
backpacks, this model also has a USB charging port, comfortable airtrax back
padding, a luggage strap, and card pocket on the shoulder strap.

plus [Shipping Costs]()

[Add to cart](?add-to-cart=12806)

  * [![dark grey backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Krimcode-Business-Formal-Notebook-Backpack-KBFB15-1NDGM-Perspective-600x720.jpg)![formal backpack front](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Krimcode-Business-Formal-Notebook-Backpack-KBFB15-1NDGM-front-600x720.jpg)](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-formal/classic-2-dark-grey/ "Krimcode Business Formal Backpack")

[Quick View](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-
formal/classic-2-dark-grey/ "Quick View")

## [Krimcode Business Formal
Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-
formal/classic-2-dark-grey/ "Krimcode Business Formal Backpack")

Classic 2 Dark Grey

€89.00

Dress to impress with the Krimcode Business Formal Backpack crafted in a tall
structured dark grey variation. With a modern and elegant design to match the
formal dress code, this sophisticated business lifestyle backpack will blend
in perfectly at business gatherings or regular days in the office. It comes
with multiple safety pockets suitable for a laptop and a 15-inch tablet, the
ideal fit for the tech-savvy working professional. It also features a USB
charging port for convenient on-the-go charging.

The model has two separate large compartments for all essentials. While the
first can secure electronic devices, the second contains several pockets for
stationery items such as pens and notepads plus a key holder for convenient
access. One front-side pocket is waterproof from the inside, meant to keep
umbrellas and water bottles. Similarly found in all business backpack models,
this office backpack also features a luggage strap, breathable back padding, a
shoulder strap pocket for valuable items, and a sunglasses holder.

plus [Shipping Costs]()

[Add to cart](?add-to-cart=12805)

  * [![Modern Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Krimcode-Business-Formal-Notebook-Backpack-KBFB06-1NDGM-perspective-600x720.jpg)![small formal backpack front](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Krimcode-Business-Formal-Notebook-Backpack-KBFB06-1NDGM-front-600x720.jpg)](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-formal/modern-dark-grey/ "Krimcode Business Formal Backpack")

[Quick View](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-formal/modern-
dark-grey/ "Quick View")

## [Krimcode Business Formal
Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/business-formal/modern-dark-
grey/ "Krimcode Business Formal Backpack")

Modern Dark Grey

€99.00

Suit up for success with the Krimcode Business Formal Backpack crafted in a
rich modern dark grey variation. This elegantly structured lifestyle backpack
was designed to suit any formal attire for offices or business travels. It
comes with a 180-degree opening feature for speedy checkpoint inspections.

The slick and sophisticated exterior is made with water repellent K-tech
fabric and features two outer pockets for extra space. A hidden side pocket is
lined with a waterproof fabric inside suitable for umbrellas and water
bottles. And standard to all business formal backpack models, it comes with a
luggage strap, USB charging port, breathable airtrax back padding, sunglasses
strap, and a convenient shoulder strap pocket to keep IDs or credit cards.

plus [Shipping Costs]()

[Add to cart](?add-to-cart=12803)

### **What Makes a Business Backpack So Important in Today 's Workplace? **

Professionals in today's world are continuously exposed to high-pressure,
fast-paced circumstances. They should be able to digest all of the information
quickly and act even faster, following up and moving on to the next step in
the process of conquering the net obstacle. Consistency in your workflow is a
significant key to excellence and success since it defines your stability,
development, and growth.

Backpacks from Krimcode's Business Formal range are designed to make your
workflow as smooth as butter. This business backpack collection was created
with your success in mind. They have an elegant and urban appearance, making
them an excellent choice for modern workers. All of the Business Formal
backpacks are compact and clutter-free.

However, there are times when you may require something more from the bag.
Let's say you're planning a conference or a weekend vacation with your
coworkers. We've also got you covered in such circumstances. Check out our
larger roomy Business Attire Duffel Bags for conferences, business travels,
and weekend getaways with coworkers.

  * [![](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Smart2-2-1-1-600x718.jpg)![](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Smart2-2-2-600x718.jpg)](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/accent-straps-dark-grey/ "Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack")

[Quick View](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/accent-
straps-dark-grey/ "Quick View")

## [Krimcode Smart Casual
Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/accent-straps-
dark-grey/ "Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack")

Accent Straps Dark Grey

€109.00

Combine casual and classy with the Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack variation
lined with bold red arm straps. This dapper black casual backpack is
intricately tailored to be a semi-formal staple. Its prominent design features
include the edgy red stripes that complement the reinforced shoulder strap. A
slick red fabric lines the inside of the bag in contrast to its dark exterior.

This casual lifestyle backpack has several compartments with three sections
and one outer pocket. The innermost section can secure electronic devices such
as laptops and tablets and leaves enough room for other necessities. The outer
sections have pockets for items such as pens and stationery items to help with
organisation, suitable for travel enthusiasts or university students. Similar
to all smart-casual backpack models, it also features an adjustable chest
strap, an extra-resistant and durable base, optional USB charging port and
earphone slot, and extra pocket along with the back padding.

plus [Shipping Costs]()

[Add to cart](?add-to-cart=16421)

  * [![](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Smart2-1-1-1-600x718.jpg)![](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Smart2-1-2-600x718.jpg)](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/accent-straps-light-grey/ "Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack")

[Quick View](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/accent-
straps-light-grey/ "Quick View")

## [Krimcode Smart Casual
Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/accent-straps-
light-grey/ "Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack")

Accent Straps Light Grey

€109.00

Combine casual and classy with the Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack variation
lined with bold red arm straps. This dapper black casual backpack is
intricately tailored to be a semi-formal staple. Its prominent design features
include the edgy red stripes that complement the reinforced shoulder strap. A
slick red fabric lines the inside of the bag in contrast to its dark exterior.

This casual lifestyle backpack has several compartments with three sections
and one outer pocket. The innermost section can secure electronic devices such
as laptops and tablets and leaves enough room for other necessities. The outer
sections have pockets for items such as pens and stationery items to help with
organisation, suitable for travel enthusiasts or university students. Similar
to all smart-casual backpack models, it also features an adjustable chest
strap, an extra-resistant and durable base, optional USB charging port and
earphone slot, and extra pocket along with the back padding.

plus [Shipping Costs]()

[Add to cart](?add-to-cart=16415)

  * [![](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Smart1-1-1-1-600x718.jpg)![](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Smart1-1-2-600x718.jpg)](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/double-front-zipper-army/ "Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack")

[Quick View](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/double-
front-zipper-army/ "Quick View")

## [Krimcode Smart Casual
Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/double-front-
zipper-army/ "Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack")

Double Front Zipper Army

€109.00

Give casual a modern edge with the Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack variation
designed with double front zippers. With a slick and clean aesthetic
accentuated by its several compartments, this backpack makes style fully-
operational. Its refined and contemporary design makes it a stunning business
casual backpack for aspiring professionals.

This lifestyle backpack has three sections with multiple pockets inside to
make organising less difficult. The two outer sections have more pockets to
safe keep several more items in order. Buckles on each side of the bag keep
these openings safe and intact when several compartments are opened at the
same time. Standard to all of the smart casual backpacks, it also possesses a
durable base, hidden pocket by the back padding, a highly adjustable chest
strap, and optional USB and earphone slot.

plus [Shipping Costs]()

[Add to cart](?add-to-cart=16389)

  * [![](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Smart1-2-1-1-600x718.jpg)![](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Smart1-2-2-600x718.jpg)](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/double-front-zipper-blue/ "Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack")

[Quick View](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/double-
front-zipper-blue/ "Quick View")

## [Krimcode Smart Casual
Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/double-front-
zipper-blue/ "Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack")

Double Front Zipper Blue

€109.00

Give casual a modern edge with the Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack variation
designed with double front zippers. With a slick and clean aesthetic
accentuated by its several compartments, this backpack makes style fully-
operational. Its refined and contemporary design makes it a stunning business
casual backpack for aspiring professionals.

This lifestyle backpack has three sections with multiple pockets inside to
make organising less difficult. The two outer sections have more pockets to
safe keep several more items in order. Buckles on each side of the bag keep
these openings safe and intact when several compartments are opened at the
same time. Standard to all of the smart casual backpacks, it also possesses a
durable base, hidden pocket by the back padding, a highly adjustable chest
strap, and optional USB and earphone slot.

plus [Shipping Costs]()

[Add to cart](?add-to-cart=16383)

  * [![Business Casual Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Krimcode-Business-Formal-Notebook-Backpack-KSCB08-1U0SM-perspective-600x720.jpg)![krimcode business formal backpack front](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Krimcode-Business-Formal-Notebook-Backpack-KSCB08-1U0SM-front-600x720.jpg)](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/double-front-zipper-black/ "Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack")

[Quick View](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/double-
front-zipper-black/ "Quick View")

## [Krimcode Smart Casual
Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/double-front-
zipper-black/ "Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack")

Double Front Zipper Black

€99.00 - €109.00

Give casual a modern edge with the Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack variation
designed with double front zippers. With a slick and clean aesthetic
accentuated by its several compartments, this backpack makes style fully-
operational. Its refined and contemporary design makes it a stunning business
casual backpack for aspiring professionals.

This lifestyle backpack has three sections with multiple pockets inside to
make organising less difficult. The two outer sections have more pockets to
safe keep several more items in order. Buckles on each side of the bag keep
these openings safe and intact when several compartments are opened at the
same time. Standard to all of the smart casual backpacks, it also possesses a
durable base, hidden pocket by the back padding, a highly adjustable chest
strap, and optional USB and earphone slot.

plus [Shipping Costs]()

[Select options](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/double-
front-zipper-black/)

  * [![casual backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Krimcode-Business-Formal-Notebook-Backpack-KSCB11-1U0SM-perspective-600x720.jpg)![Krimcode Business Formal Notebook Backpack Front](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Krimcode-Business-Formal-Notebook-Backpack-KSCB11-1U0SM-front-600x720.jpg)](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/leather-logo/ "Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack")

[Quick View](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/leather-
logo/ "Quick View")

## [Krimcode Smart Casual
Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/leather-logo/
"Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack")

Leather Logo

€119.00

Make a statement with the Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack variation with a
leather stripe embossed with a subtle logo accent. This casual lifestyle
backpack is a standout design with the intricately lined and patterned logo
complemented by two side straps lined with subtle red stripes.

The two side straps buckle together to keep the three partitions intact when
opened simultaneously. Each partition comes with specially designed pockets to
keep devices such as laptops and tablets secured. Other pockets line the inner
sections for stationery items such as pens and a keyholder for convenience.
Found in all the smart casual backpack products, it is also crafted with a
durable base, optional USB and earphone slot, anti-theft pocket in the back
padding, and a highly adjustable chest strap.

plus [Shipping Costs]()

[Add to cart](?add-to-cart=12802)

  * [![classy backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Krimcode-Business-Formal-Notebook-Backpack-KSCB03-1U0SM-perspective-600x720.jpg)![business backpack front](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Krimcode-Business-Formal-Notebook-Backpack-KSCB03-1U0SM-front-600x720.jpg)](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/accent-straps-black/ "Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack")

[Quick View](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/accent-
straps-black/ "Quick View")

## [Krimcode Smart Casual
Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-casual/accent-straps-
black/ "Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack")

Accent Straps Black

€109.00

Combine casual and classy with the Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack variation
lined with bold red arm straps. This dapper black casual backpack is
intricately tailored to be a semi-formal staple. Its prominent design features
include the edgy red stripes that complement the reinforced shoulder strap. A
slick red fabric lines the inside of the bag in contrast to its dark exterior.

This casual lifestyle backpack has several compartments with three sections
and one outer pocket. The innermost section can secure electronic devices such
as laptops and tablets and leaves enough room for other necessities. The outer
sections have pockets for items such as pens and stationery items to help with
organisation, suitable for travel enthusiasts or university students. Similar
to all smart-casual backpack models, it also features an adjustable chest
strap, an extra-resistant and durable base, optional USB charging port and
earphone slot, and extra pocket along with the back padding.

plus [Shipping Costs]()

[Add to cart](?add-to-cart=12800)

[ ![Business Backpacks](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/Krimcode-Smart-Casual-KSCB03-1U0SM-
_MG_5066-683x1024.jpg) ](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/backpacks/smart-
casual/accent-straps-black/)

#### Krimcode Smart Casual Backpack

##### Accent Straps Black

## **Features**

### **The impression that lasts long**

You have to admit that our business backpacks are just outstanding, a cut
above the competition. Simplicity and elegance are top signs and choices of
successful professionals, we've discovered. Have a look at our bags that will
surely convince you to buy one of these.

### **On the Go Networking**

Do you have a low battery and are caught in traffic or at the airport? What if
you wish to network at this time? We recognize the importance of time
management and will work with you to get the most out of your time. All of our
business bags come with a USB charging connector, ensuring that your workday
is never disrupted.

### **Quantity and Quality**

Because it was created from the perspective of a professional, this category
is flourishing. We didn't scrimp on quality or quantity in any way. The
difficulty was balancing quantity and quality. We've painstakingly prepared
for all of the necessities of modern professionals and built areas for them
inside this category's bags.

### **Subtle Differences in Each Design**

We've put a lot of time and effort into all of our business backpacks. All of
our items are of the highest quality. The trivial changes in the design of our
business bag articles are intended to complement your professional attitude.

**Summary**

A Business Backpack is an absolute determinant in the way you make an
impression. It is an accessory, which is highly efficient in keeping you on
track for success.

We make every effort to ensure that your Krimcode experience is as smooth as
possible. We are always on the lookout for exceptional materials from all
around the world. Please contact us at any time if you have any questions,
suggestions, or problems. We're working hard to respond to your query at
[cs@krimcode.com](mailto:cs@krimcode.com).

[![krimcode logo](https://www.krimcode.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/Logo/1111111-300x116.png)](https://www.krimcode.com)

  * [Home](https://www.krimcode.com/)
  * [Backpacks](https://www.krimcode.com/backpacks/)
  * [Duffel Bags](https://www.krimcode.com/duffel-bags/)
  * [Shop](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/)
  * [Blog](https://www.krimcode.com/blog/)
  * [About Krimcode](https://www.krimcode.com/about/)
  * [Contact](https://www.krimcode.com/contact/)

  * [Shipping & Returns](https://www.krimcode.com/shipping-and-returns/)
  * [Customer Service & FAQ](https://www.krimcode.com/service/)
  * [Krimcode Affiliate Program](https://www.krimcode.com/affiliate-partner-program/)
  * [My Krimcode account](https://www.krimcode.com/my-account/)
  * [Privacy policy](https://www.krimcode.com/privacy-policy/)
  * [Legal Terms and Conditions](https://www.krimcode.com/terms-and-conditions/)
  * [Legal Notice](https://www.krimcode.com/legal-advise/)

© 2022 Krimcode AG - All rights reserved.

  * [](https://www.facebook.com/Krimcode/ "facebook")
  * [](https://www.instagram.com/krimcode/ "instagram")
  * [](https://youtube.com/krimcode "youtube")
  * [](https://twitter.com/krimcode "twitter")
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/krimcode "linkedin")
  * [](http://cs@krimcode.com "email")

Cart 0

Updating…

No products in the cart.

[Continue Shopping](https://www.krimcode.com/shop/)

We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by
remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you
consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie
Settings" to provide a controlled consent.

Cookie SettingsAccept All

Manage consent

Close

#### Privacy Overview

This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate
through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as
necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of
basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that
help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be
stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to
opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect
your browsing experience.

Necessary

Necessary

Always Enabled

Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function
properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic
functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not
store any personal information.

Functional

Functional

Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the
content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other
third-party features.

Performance

Performance

Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance
indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for
the visitors.

Analytics

Analytics

Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the
website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of
visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and
marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect
information to provide customized ads.

Others

Others

Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not
been classified into a category as yet.

SAVE & ACCEPT

Search for:

Search

  * [Home](https://www.krimcode.com/)
  * [Backpacks](https://www.krimcode.com/backpacks/)
  * [Duffel Bags](https://www.krimcode.com/duffel-bags/)
  * [Explore](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/)
    * Style
      * [Cool Backpacks](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/cool-backpacks/)
      * [Men’s Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/men-backpack/)
      * [Black backpacks](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/black-backpacks/)
      * [Fashion Backpacks](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/fashion-backpacks/)
    * Work
      * [Laptop Backpack](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/laptop-backpack/)
      * [Business Backpacks](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/business-backpacks/)
      * [Business Bag](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/business-bag/)
    * Travel & Study
      * [Travel Bag](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/travel-bag/)
      * [Weekender Bag](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/weekender-bag/)
      * [School Bags](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/school-bags/)
    * Exercise
      * [Gym Bag](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/gym-bag/)
      * [Sports Bag](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/sports-bag/)
      * [Outdoor Backpacks](https://www.krimcode.com/explore/outdoor-backpacks/)
  * [Blog](https://www.krimcode.com/blog/)
  * [Krimcode](https://www.krimcode.com/about/)
    * [About Krimcode](https://www.krimcode.com/about/)
    * [Service](https://www.krimcode.com/service/)
    * [Contact](https://www.krimcode.com/contact/)

  * [](https://www.facebook.com/Krimcode/ "facebook")
  * [](https://www.instagram.com/krimcode/ "instagram")
  * [](https://youtube.com/krimcode "youtube")
  * [](https://twitter.com/krimcode "twitter")
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/krimcode "linkedin")
  * [](http://cs@krimcode.com "email")

Search

Search for:

Search

![fbpx](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=1697878913705554&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

